hotline League episode 16 is here and
boy do we have a show for you tonight
there's so much to talk about this
weekend was the weekend of upsets is
golden Guardians just gonna kill
everyone who knows I don't know but
we're gonna talk about it and guess what
it's a special show for you tonight
because this is the first time we've
ever had this many guests on that's
right we've got the head of video for
basically three really exciting teams
100t edit videos here TSM and Team
Liquid all that and more and just a
second hotline League is brought to you
by omen by HP right here we are as the
show is starting
hello everyone hi hello hi everything
the show looks really nice tonight
because we've got three great video
producers who-who all spent I warned
them ahead of time that they needed to
make it look at and they've done a good
job of that we'll go ahead and introduce
them in just a second but first off I
need to introduce my constant co-host of
the show the man himself Mark Zimmerman
he always brings the enthusiasm and the
excitement to the intro of the show mark
how's it bid it's been real good I spent
today filling out W nines and invoices
and nothing gets me geared up to talk
about League Legends quite like busywork
and there you go
that set the tone for the show that
night it's the enthusiasm that we need
so we're gonna go and clockwise order as
we introduce our guests on the show so
in the I think it's the bottom right I
don't know how this ends up being
produced but and we got Damian astronomy
liquid and one up fav how's it going
Damian not bad can you hear me
yes I can can hear you amazing yes so
it's going fantastic do you want to
introduce yourself a little bit and you
know I never know how you like to be
introduced I'm just a guy in the world
I'm a creative director at 1up studios
and I help run this studio and make it
function I was part of Breaking Point
and rebirth and squad
and champions and hungry it just keeps
going on you know yeah you've done a
bunch of stuff and azubu I think is
maybe the thing that most people know
you for yeah yeah I actually gained a
lot ton of fame they're working with
Gillian ping yeah exactly
okay so Damien's been around for a while
Davis good friend of mine next up we got
in the the middle slot we got max olive
Oh I've never actually had to say his
name before so I don't know if that's
how you pronounce it is that how you
pronounce it max Olivo actually Olivo we
got mad leave it okay we have to do the
whole show over again no let's start
over max you have a different title now
than you did a couple weeks ago it's the
same title but I guess I'm just doing
more I'm the director of ad production
at TSM I've been working here for three
plus years since like begin of 2015 and
in that time I've done things like tests
and legends ask if Sam and just like
helping TSM's YouTube channel transition
from like the webcam vlogs over to like
high production stuff like TS and
legends yeah yeah that's me all right so
we got max and then continuing the theme
and in the final slot may be the newest
I I assume that you are newer than max
to the League of Legends team game uh
yeah unless you count the winter fox
days which you shouldn't yeah absolutely
you're brand new or newer then yes yeah
so we've got Gabe Gabe Ruiz who is on
the show tonight and Gabe how about you
how do you want to introduce yourself I
was gonna go work for Damien said I was
part of a breaking point
squad champions America's Team that's a
no longer oh yeah no I'm now I'm
director of video production at 100
these yeah and so again that's the one
for those that don't know Gabe used to
work with Damien at one up in Team
Liquid and then at the start of this
year end of last transition over to head
up a lot of the stuff over a hundred
thieves so I'm sure we'll get some good
bantering tonight between Jamie and Gabe
as they obviously have a lot of history
together so yeah I mean I think it's an
exciting show
this all happened basically because Gabe
was desperate to come on the show and
has been asking me when I was going to
have him on and
and I think in a moment of desperation
just said when are you gonna do the
content creator show and I decided like
oh wait that actually could be kind of
cool and suggested it to mark and and
Mark decided to I was always
disappointed yes I wanted like I wanted
night blue I wanted you know like real
content creators but we instead we got
all like yeah heads of video production
with yeah yeah yeah second sequence all
those guys know so I'm excited for it I
think it's a little bit different than
what we've done in the past also
congratulations to Damian Estrada who
just got gifted a sub a bunch down so
now you're you're a sub to the channel
that's yeah it's a big moment for you
all right let's go ahead and just talk
about a couple things at the start of
the show before we start taking callers
so yeah I mean Damian you I think maybe
our are the most senior among everybody
because I remember you know the first
time we ever met it was in 2013 whenever
else he has kicked off and you I tease
you but you were at the time working for
azubu helping to produce some of the
content that they were making out of
there you know if you if you like what
what are some of the big takeaways or
maybe some of the coolest things that
you've been able to work on in the past
five or so years of your your eSports
content creation career you're muted
right now unfortunately I think can you
hear me now
yeah that's amazing technology I think
some of the coolest stuff that I've been
able to work on was definitely seeing
the evolution of eSports content as a
whole specifically from like the League
of Legends side right like when I
started like everything that riot did I
felt like no one could touch or at least
set it that's no one really could touch
it and it was like one of my goals to
attempt to like it to that production
quality and so to see like you know what
we did with rebirth and then what we did
coming into like squad and really like
raising the bar as a whole like there's
definitely a lot of competition with Max
and I in that like
you know it was like we'd do something
cool than max would do something cooler
and then we try to do something cooler
and then it would be like this back and
forth and basically all the other teams
just kind of got screwed over because we
made like really unrealistic
expectations for what a single person
could do yeah and then once you start
adding more people then it got crazier
so I think for me the coolest thing to
work on was just leveling up team
content as a whole not one specific
project yeah
max how about you so you I actually
don't know how you ended up in the scene
like how did you end up working for TSM
and had you done something before then
yeah fun fact also did work for zooboo
as a freelancer mostly worked with like
Rachel Quirico like interviewer she
worked a lot back in league back in the
day so I started off as a camera guy for
her like at MLG's Liz Khan's League
World season 3 so that's where I got my
start and that's the most of my work
ended up in my reel that I showed to TSM
and that's what got me hired some well
that azubu there's no TSM X yeah the
zooboo was the founding father of
everything
Gabriel actually his first time as a
content creator in League of Legends
space was actually when I interviewed
him at a seal Jeter and like that 2013
2014 I think but Gabriel like how did
you sort of fall into all this stuff and
and how did well there some of your
first moments in this because I think
the reason I'm kind of asking these
questions is just because I think a lot
of people wonder how they can get
involved in all this stuff and so it's
kind of interesting to hear all your
stories at the start of this it's hard
to say like that is just gosh it was
such a weird path to take like I used to
throw tournaments like for a lot of you
know for the grid cyber land is you know
hills which like was the phantom Lord
and the sealed you can't turn him it
like it means like nothing now and then
basically just one thing led to another
went to winter Fox went to Chicago
luminosity like my stuff boom now I'm on
one up
Damian told me from luminosity and yeah
I was with one up for a year plus
and then you're an so kind of just a
sequence of events that sound boring but
we're just weird how they happened yeah
and then Damien do you really want to
really quickly a lot of introduced who
else is now sitting in the frame with
you yeah this is Ian Sansevieria
director of post-production for 1-up
studios Mike is I think not on or is
getting picked up by oh okay well did
you hear him do that oh not great
horley yeah yeah I don't I added you to
the discourse on I don't know what
computer you signed in on but you are in
Davies maybe maybe you can introduce him
wait did I not could you not hear me
yeah I heard you but whatever he was
gonna say uh he said that he wanted to
sit down here awkwardly during the
middle of that okay well good we did it
other than that let's let's talk a
little bit about well mark I'm just
curious if you have anything before we
get into two calls not in particular
great that's pretty weird
yeah no no I guess okay good so you know
rather than just jumping around and
talking about all this different stuff
that happened this week and I think
maybe it's just fun for this particular
episode of you guys call in you know I
think there's a lot of interesting
questions to talk about with these guys
they get to see the players and teams in
in moments that probably very few other
people do for them I think there's a lot
of interest and conversation to be had
around like what do they decide to put
into it what don't they you know all the
way back to like the breaking point days
whenever the Team Liquid movie came out
and we saw a lot of craziness in that
video and sort of a side of a team and I
think we hadn't seen so much before so
just a lot to talk about and really
excited to sort of hear from everybody
mark do you want to do the spiel on how
Colin's work yeah so the way this works
if you guys haven't seen before is I'm
gonna spam the discord in twitch chat
right now if you haven't joined the
discord yet join up and then there's
gonna be general text channels and
general voice channels
you're gonna need to join a general
voice channel so that I can eventually
drag you into the waiting room if we
want to use your question and then
you're gonna spam your question / take /
whatever you're typing in general and
then I'll read them I'll pick one up I
think is good and then you'll be in the
waiting room until I make sure that your
audio works fine and then we'll drag you
on to the show and like I said generally
speaking we want takes but maybe for
this episode questions are more
acceptable because it's gonna be a lot
more about the guys on screen than their
haulers than usual I'd say and while all
those calls are coming in and
everything's getting heated I I like to
actually hear from Gabe max and Damian
in whichever order which one of your
teams are going to finish highest this
split at the end by week nine who's
first all one against each other
what's TSM tiel's record one we haven't
played the second game play the second
one yeah yeah everyone the first one -
ah okay a three-way tie for first what
are you talkin sorry
first of con three-way tie for second
scene I'm gonna drop out of it yeah cuz
right now
so 100 thieves and Team Liquid our head
of TSM at 8 wins and 6 losses tsm's at
7-7 and I assume 100 thieves and team
like what you said your one-one between
so there's a tie there so you guys are
just a little bit above TSM but it does
feel like TSM is kind of on the top
swing I don't know max do you think that
guys will be able to pull it out TSM
will finish at least 2nd place ok there
we go that's a key you please second
that's tough like clips like ok ok yeah
that's impossible
but playoffs we have to the finals at
least cuz we only have about 2 weeks
left so I'm excited to see how these
things go
let's see do you want to go ahead and
start pulling people mark you're muted
by the way for talking yeah I know I was
I was scrolling through text shit yeah
I'm ready to grab the first guy as long
as this thing works a lot yeah sure and
you know taking your time I'm gonna go
ahead and shout out some some people who
donated and subbed all right cool so
really quickly while he's grabbing the
first caller I want to give a shout out
to
Eric Rasim kin lol mastery Ali or master
yaoi II fish cub 755 7 Wrath of Khan
full on a hill and a couple of more
people we'll get to in a second that we
got opt on opt I believe and he'll be
unmuted in a seconds market mute so I am
oh is it
opt it's opt opt okay how's it go not
where you were coming from I am calling
from the college of new jersey which is
obviously pretty much self-explanatory
it is a college in New Jersey it's
basically for the people who didn't want
to go to Rutgers I don't know if you
guys are familiar with the school
Rutgers in New Jersey and wait-listed
from Princeton so basically if you
didn't want to go to Rutgers and you
didn't get into Princeton but you wanted
to stay and stay it this is where you
end up gotcha alright well what do you
want to talk about on the show tonight
alright so let me get into it so what I
wanted to ask I wanted to ask the
creator's about the content that
actually makes it into the videos so
essentially where is the line drawn
between what we see in the videos and
what remains quote-unquote personal to
the team if that makes sense things like
what is it appropriate to put like
fights disagreements and what is it I
guess more advantageous to keep that
information personal to the team so
essentially we're where is the line
drawn if that makes sense in we'll just
I mean the three of you guys have to
start diving in on the stuff because
it's too hard from yeah each one of you
so who wants to take it first it's kind
of just part of it like deciding episode
by episode like what to leave in what to
take out and I'll say this like TSM the
team probably argues every freaking day
of scrims
and I probably won't put it in legends
mostly because if I put it in legends
and legends is like a 14 minute thing
that's what that's the only thing people
are gonna like talk about about the
episode you know so like and I don't
want like an
argument to define like that's the
current like status of the team like
others arguing in scrims even though it
happens like every day I'm sure it
happens on one of these on liquid and so
you know sometimes I do leave arguments
in if it's like relevant to like the
storyline of a team like if that's all
that's happening if they're just arguing
then sure like I'll make that a point in
the show but uh you know teams argue and
that's just part of it and uh you know
in the very second episode of Legends I
put an argument between loco and beer
guy think well that's all they talk to
then I was like okay I mean this is kind
of standard but everyone's talking about
it like as if TSM is falling apart
already so yeah so anyone else Gabe and
Damian I'm I actually assume that there
are lots of arguments occurring on Team
Liquid and hundred thieves right now
because I feel like I've never heard of
teams that are in your guys's position
where there's a lot of inconsistency and
expectations are high and yet I think in
watching both your shows I rarely see
arguments there's like heated moments or
maybe like some tense moments but kind
of curious yeah both on the argument
side more broadly how do you guys tend
to approach that stuff well I feel like
we both kind of had a good sense of both
of those like Gabriel's last episode
there's a really cool moment where the
like everything's super silent and then
after me like breaks to silence like
showing his leadership skills I think
that's like a good peek into what it's
like to hold an L on hundred thieves and
most teams to be honest there's either
like complete silence or someone's like
really mad about something for me I I
kind of agree with a max is saying is if
you even if they're only arguing for 30
seconds and you put that 30 seconds in
people are like oh my god the team's
exploding everything sucks
TSM management sucks liquid management
sucks hundred thieves management sucks
like you need to get a new owner like
everyone needs to be fired like this
whole you know crazy thing because like
someone disagreed and pick/ban and it's
just like chill out like
so I think before in the past we put a
good amount of stuff in with like
rebirth I think like obviously you know
we saw mark Z bench piglet like we saw
like people have conversations with FINA
like I think Mark Z getting mad at
Phoenix like mark knows I mean I don't
know what do you think mark knowing that
you were there during like the rebirth
times what was do you think like we were
pretty genuine to what was actually
going on or yeah more or less I think
like some of those things you can't talk
about there's like you know no way to
compromise between truth and like
people's feelings sometimes like you
just kind of have to show it and so
either you don't show it and people move
on or you do show and they have to be
like prepare for that stuff and since we
bench piglet like that's all our fans
cared about I kind of had to show it and
I think like the way we did it was very
tasteful like I don't think there's
anything wrong with it so I think as
long as like everyone understands which
at this point it's pretty common for pro
players like when we started doing it it
was one of the first shows that was that
in-depth so I think maybe it was a
little more awkward than but nowadays I
think players are pretty much
understanding it like every week someone
might see some shit that happened and
they don't I don't think they care that
much anymore so is the other thing the
other thing that's also kind of
difficult is like one of the things
that's so frustrating and I know Gabriel
and I used to frustrate it at this back
in the past
repeat would be like oh did they script
this it's like no to do that come on if
we scripted it like give us a little
more credit like these players would you
know speak a little more intelligently
or there'd be like more interesting
comer someone would have slept with
someone's girlfriend that's yeah we
would have gone out and I don't think
you need to script that yeah just to
like quickly tune in so we can win a new
topic no hundred thieves is a bit
different than any team that I've been
working on they don't we don't really
have like too many polarizing
personalities that are so quite
confident everyone chooses to listen
here and so like the silence that you
guys saw in like the after the building
Guardians matching the heist was
much the gist of what a what a you know
like argument like people just really
blame themselves on our team a lot and
so you get a lot of silence but a lot of
it some just trying to get people to
talk rather than an argument would be
100 themes way of going but yeah we show
a lot of what will tell the story if
it's not gonna tell the story and it's
gonna make people linger on the wrong
fact then we won't put it in but if it
helps tell the narrative that is what is
going on with hundred thieves and it
helps you feel that emotion then connect
with the players and what they're going
through then we'll keep it in so one
thing that I kind of want to spend this
conversation off of and I was waiting
for the right moment to bring it up on
the show but actually the first question
kind of is a good place for it I'm very
curious because breaking point which was
something that Damian sort of oversaw
and I know Gabriel you did a lot of the
Edit on it it was a contentious thing at
the time I was doing a show called
eSports and chill and like Hunter who
now runs golden Guardians and Nick and
kalbi are is used to debate whether or
not it was a good idea to put this out
or who shouldn't or whatever I'm very
curious max as a VIP movie that like had
a lot of drama in it and tense moments
and some people debate how much it you
know if it was too much or if it showed
too much behind the scenes what did you
think of Breaking Point and how would
you like is that would you have shown
that much to the audience and and what
do you kind of think of that the way
that they took that well first off like
rating point was super important for the
scene I think in general a lot of people
refer back to that it's still like
mentioned every now and then but I
wouldn't see myself doing that because
our team wasn't that extreme and like
the sad or like good thing I guess about
breaking point was like since I like
worked with loco for a year like I know
that that is not scripted and it was
pretty true to what actually happened
and what I I think I tweeted like right
after it went up I was like I hope most
people who are watching this don't think
that this is what all teams are like I
think that season that team was like
lightning in a bottle like one
like capitalized on that team and that
situation and it ended up being like a
really great dock that ended up being
really important for the scenes so I
couldn't see myself doing it just cuz
you know our team wasn't like that but
uh I can respect it go ahead mark I have
a bit of fall just because we're on
break component there's a lot of people
ask some questions about it but since
we're on and we don't I don't want to
have to bounce back to it later one of
the things that like I don't know how
Damian and Gabe feel but like there was
more that could have been shown right
like you guys didn't show all the worst
stuff for my understanding because I was
still kind of close to the team so I
don't know if you guys didn't shoot it
or you didn't show us not to use it but
like on a scale of one to ten where was
breaking point on the worst stuff that
happened that season yeah and the funny
thing about this is a several episodes
ago mark mark and Kelvin I were doing
the show and Mark employed that there
was more stuff out there and we were we
were giving a crap like oh my god
there's there's an odd cut there's a
director's cut that exists out there
with even I was like no no no yeah so
but yeah I mean what I think Mark's
question is a good one which is like how
how much worse could breaking point of
in if you guys just went full into the
drama I know like this Shirin scenes but
there were definitely scenes they were
cut out cuz they were a little too slow
or because there was just like so much
going on that it was kind of hard to
figure out like what to focus on at some
times like there are some player
confidence issues like there was a
really cool arc with Matt that we had
that we had to cut off just for runtime
and yeah pacing I was cut yeah Laurel oh
sorry yeah and so I think I mean at the
end of the day there's like no short
amount of low code artic footage that
was cut just because it's just like how
many times do you need to see them argue
about the same thing with a different
backdrop sort of situation but I mean
seven or eight probably like we showed a
good amount
it wasn't anything we were like we can't
show this because it's like the worst
thing that's ever happened in eSports it
was just like again like Damien said how
many times can you show it like the same
argument over and over again which is
just different words used and then the
final thing that kind of close out this
topic you guys kind of talked about it
and whenever you think about what not to
put in the documentary or what not to
put in the show or any kind of content
you guys talked about a lot from like
arguments and tense moments and all that
stuff but like how much are the personal
lives of the players cuz I for instance
it's very obvious that oftentimes you
guys kind of duck out a footage of like
a pro player hang out with a girlfriend
or something like that how much you guys
try to like respect what is it what is
sacred and not for the audience verse
like how much do you how do you balance
that with actually trying to like show
what these guys lives are like and what
their passions are and sort of what
they're doing behind the scenes
definitely need players I have lives
that are behind the scenes just play
League all day no it's actually a lot
harder to get them to do other things
than just play League of Legends at
least for my players personally yeah I
think TL and TSM are like and punty is
probably like on the same boat like our
guy's just scrim play so look you go to
LCS on the weekends have Monday off hang
out with girlfriends do something go out
to eat which we probably film and then
back to scream on Tuesday same thing so
like our guys at least our guys like
they never go out on weekdays
unless it's Monday which was their day
off yeah so yeah it's pretty tough yeah
Dameon I would agree I mean we recently
went out I went out with double lifts to
go to a lunch date with his best friend
Travis cafard which should be in an
upcoming episode
nothing nothing interesting was kind of
there so it's just being more like beer
oh yeah that my conversations with Peter
I never interesting top thank you so
much I know we kind of like took your
your conversation no no I need a very
broad but thank you no I really
appreciated Travis thank you so much for
everything you do for the community my
man I really appreciate it I don't know
if you remember but I responded to one
of your tweets earlier and I said
if only there was a $4 99-cent way to
show my appreciation yes thank you I
yeah sauce up for you today thank you
very much guys thank you so much for
making the shows we love them they're
awesome the production quality fantastic
and twitchchat thanks for the nice words
guys love you guys peace out boys see ya
we got tea Cantus and the call tea
contest where you come from I'm from a
city about two hours west of Toronto
Ontario awesome Canadian calling in and
are you is that now am i pronouncing
your name correctly
correct okay cool what did you want to
talk about in the show so I want to talk
about the I do you have monetization
with all the content that's been coming
out the of kind of legends because if
you look at a lot of so based on what
I've looked at I can't find content for
three of the teams in the na LCS right
now it's clutch its echo fox and golden
Guardians correct me if I'm wrong but I
can't find any contact with them at all
and kind of the reasons the beige shoes
to not stuff and I think it really has
to do with one of the videos you made
recently Travis where YouTube
monetization is not that luxurious for
the production quality costs of what
they're doing is on top of the fact that
you know from a from a Marc ability
standpoint from building their brand
standpoint they're just not gonna get a
lot of attention compared to you know
what TSM or or at CL or or 100 thieves
we're an optic gaming where they already
have the fan base built and just there
isn't that much and you know fans give
them a lot of shit for not necessarily
putting out content but if you look at
fly quest for example I'm on their
YouTube channel right now their videos
up like 500 views a thousand views so I
just don't feel like those organizations
follow through with that sure so a
couple different things to break out
there so it sounds like one of your big
questions is sort of like what are the
financial economics of this stuff and
like does it make how when does it make
sense to do videos content and sort of
how do teams handle all that stuff and
also just maybe a broader conversation
as well about sort of teams that don't
folk
as much on content and kind of the value
of it is that is that a good way to
assess it yeah it's definitely a
complicated issue and it's there's a lot
of moving parts but you you did a pretty
good job of overall summarizing it sure
so the just as as we pop into this for
full context like I know echo Fox's
content they just started posting more
to their YouTube channel recently echo
Fox we yeah yeah they do they post some
stuff it's very different than some of
the content I've seen from some of the
other guys it's like very almost like a
music video the way they're popping in
and out of conversations and it's like a
hot a super-fast recap and then golden
Guardians post highlights and stuff they
they recently posted a job position for
a producer so we'll see what happens
there
and I can't speak with authority on the
collage stuff but that's kind of where
we're at on some of the other teams I
know fly Quest produces stuff but I
think right now cloud 9 and maybe these
three guys are the ones that people
really think of when they think of these
types of shows and content so yeah I
mean I don't know I I know that there
are a lot of reasons why teams do
content and Stan as much about the
YouTube ad Rev but I'm kind of curious
if which one of the three of you guys
wants to jump in and sort of talk about
like why your teams and organizations
see value here both on the financial
front and maybe on the brand front like
why does it make sense to creep produce
this type of content it's definitely not
for the heat the YouTube money that's
that's for sure
I know for us personally you know we had
just you know came in to we came to the
league you know we not a lot of people
knew who hundred things were and a lot
of people just faceless off the named it
like it's a Call of Duty owner nadeshot
coming in like they were a little off
put by it at least that's what I saw the
general reaction was but um know we're
doing content just to show like well one
content a big thing for a hundred
thieves
you know nadeshot comes from a very
content heavy background and he's just
you know he's been killing it he wanted
to bring emotion and storytelling into
his brand when he when he created a
hundred thieves and so content was a big
thing for him and so we do it for it's
gonna sound cliche but we do it for the
fans and we do it because we want people
to connect with us to connect with their
brand to to show that a hundred thieves
really cares about not just our players
but we
you guys to follow along and come with
us and then go for the journey of the
you know LCS and everything that we go
into from here on out so it is more for
you guys and more for you to connect
with us into our players than it is to
make any kind of like YouTube
monetization money yeah yeah kind of the
same here I guess like like nature like
Andy started Reginald started the
YouTube channel 2009 or something and
TSM has just always been about content
so like he told me one day that like as
long as we have a legal of this team
there will always be TSM Legends or some
sort of jockey series around the league
lettuce team because he's like so
attached to that and so my job is to
just make everything you know any any
videos that we do whether it beats like
sponsored videos or you know a documents
video like just good enough for like TSM
buzzes fans to you know something that
they're used to watching because they
are they come from like the bay life
blogs and we just want to keep our
videos like in that type of you know
vein or humor that they're used to so
don't want to make anything that's like
two solid E or a you know and sometimes
we do have to do salary stuff but when
we do I do my best to make it seem like
you know any of the other content we
post in the past we're gonna go check
out the HTC vive right now in San
Francisco yes the first season however
every that's good yeah I think curse
kind of started off with doing a lot of
video content like way back in the day
like I'm sure you remember Travis a
24-hour like livestream sort of webcam
weird house thing that they did I was
definitely not around for that but I
think culturally it's kind of been
something that Steve is always pushed in
terms of doing content like you know
teaching I Jackie had a drive and like
all that random stuff and so when I kind
of came into the mix I think it was a
little different I definitely wanted to
make a bunch of stuff that I wanted to
see in the scene and that was you know
like documentary short for him you know
like once per month there's something
like that sort of content
and I definitely not start making it for
the fans I definitely started making it
for myself like what is it that I want
to see and I made it and fans liked it
and it was pretty sick and it just kind
of I rode that wave but I don't know if
that wave sustainable but that's a
question like I'm sure Gabriel and Max
less on both of their plates but have
seen views drop dramatically like if you
look at the first episode of legends in
the first episode of the heist we're
getting maybe one third of those views
now and so it feels like I might be
tangent ting and I'm sorry but I think
it's real interesting topic I feel like
there are only so many hours of like doc
content that people could watch per week
and if seven of the ten teams or six of
the ten teams are producing stuff maybe
I'm a TSM fan and I love legends but
then I'm like oh I want to see 100
thieves it's like and then I watch
hundred thieves and the now the hours
that I was going to maybe put towards
squad or towards optics series well
they're not there anymore and so it's
like a weird kind of a I don't know why
we do it anymore it's a real I do it to
see what I want to see and then I do it
for the fans that are still in the
comments excited to see it every week
and that IMAX probably gets it the most
out of anyone that's like at you know
max Olivo wears legends you know that
sort of concept yeah well and and part
of it also because we didn't really talk
about the money side of it or why it
makes sense because obviously you know
escapements mentioning and as the caller
mentioned doing content YouTube is like
not really particularly interesting in
terms of the money that you guys are
going to get back especially for the all
the money that you guys pour into
producing the stuff but like I know that
when I watched the heist like this week
rocket mortgage like rocket took off at
the very beginning of it and and Max I
know that you guys pimp your sponsors
and and alien represents the Team Liquid
series so yep shot at the alien or a
training facility yes yes and so I think
I can imagine for you guys there's also
this is something we're like the
sponsors appreciate it because you guys
are able to sort of surface all their
stuff right yeah yeah each team house
you know and we're you know what we're
thankful that rocket mortgage got back
the highest it's a really great thing so
yeah that obviously helps us for sure
yeah so I think I think that kind of
answers the monetization question as
well to contest is that a good coverage
of all the source stuff you want to talk
about uh more or less I think I think
something that wasn't really touched on
is like how this disadvantages a lot of
the lower mrs. van de jizz but kind of
puts those lower quality teams in an
awkward spot where they want to invest
into this kind of stuff to build their
brand but they're not able to because
they don't have sponsors necessarily
that are as lucrative as some of the
other bigger teams I mean the people
without content right now or what clutch
a little bit ggs like to two teams with
like really good backings I think it's
just ultimately finding your footing not
and not a lot of people probably should
do duck series like Damian said there's
just how many people can actually watch
you got to do it very differently and
then yeah echo fox is starting to come
out with content I think ultimately a
lot of these new non-endemic teams are
probably like the majority that don't
have content around them or that you
know the golden Guardian clutch they
just need time to start up like they got
their acceptance letter and then they're
like oh gosh we need to make a whole
team and actually something to kind of
like hype max Gabriel myself and like
all the other content creators in the
scene there it's it's not very easy to
do content like I know that sounds like
bullshit cuz there are so many streamers
that have like tons of Avadh cut downs
and like all that stuff to like go out
and felt like get the equipment like
Travis's video is a really good example
like you buy all the equipment you learn
how to use all the equipment you
troubleshoot using all the equipment
right you shoot something you import it
you start to edit it you get it in your
timeline you start to run down hard
drive there's like so many things that
add up over time that it's actually not
very easy to produce content on a soup
regular basis unless you really know how
to do it and you've been doing it for a
little while yeah and speaking of
equipment by the way I just want to get
that we're tangent right now because
Dino's angry message earlier about this
I bought I took my patreon money and I
bought a drone today and Damien Damien
said why would you do that and I just
want to know while we're talking about
equipment why why shouldn't I do it
Damien are you are you gonna shoot like
true you can buy stock drone footage if
you want your own footage you don't need
to shoot you
yeah but stock drone footage doesn't
have me and Brodin in it yeah but the
drone foot what thank you Mark I also
live in LA and it's kind of hard yeah my
travel what that's really what about
Miami wouldn't be sick to have like a
shot of the venue's if like the league
fans going into it in Miami I mean your
footage is just gonna like I can't
imagine you flying it like I can just
imagine the footage of scream like yeah
can we start a pool and when that drone
crashes I mean I wouldn't be shocked if
it hasn't already
yeah over over I dropped Travis becomes
ultimate youtuber inserts doing titles
like well I crashed the drone yeah yes
exactly that's the kind of footage it's
like a medias interview for some reason
yeah in the background immediacy of use
a drone just crashes down no hey I
honestly you do your interviews with the
drones like there you go that's your
selling point okay walk with it like it
could be two walking and talking
interviews was it your own tracking you
guys it's like ignore the sound that
it's gonna be produced is gonna be like
just shying away from it the whole time
cuz they're fuckin scared of people
don't know this but if you stand next to
a drone those things are scary those
things are not like really a soft
hovering thing they are loud and that
like cut you but I tear I feel like it's
just that you guys are really nervous
that I'm gonna have better production
than you once I include the strong
footage oh yeah oh you're already so
close it's like I remember one up buying
a drone how quickly they fucked it up
whoa whoa we did not purchase a drone
Ian out of the kindness of his heart
donated his drone to the cause popped up
out of nowhere yeah it crafted a video
we did it even it was a halo thing
wasn't it
what what's that yes I wear crashed
it was a ESL that video didn't come out
so I hid the drone died where'd you not
supposed to have a drone there or
something - I'm not sure what you're
talking about yes I'm there it seemed
fair max have you tried to get any to
buy a drone yet I he has one I have a
drone I have a maverick Pro and I bought
it on my own because I didn't want to
waste essence money because I would I
know I'm gonna fucking crash that okay
if I keep flying it so hasn't crashed
yet but I use it almost should be upon
it very sparingly it's been like months
yeah okay I can only buy it like at the
beach yeah yeah I mean worst comes to
worst I just sell it or figure something
else out to do with it a Hebe Bank yeah
alright thank you so much to conscious
for calling in and asking about drones I
really appreciate it that open up a big
conversation for us
thank you so much yeah thanks
so really quickly mark before we switch
the next caller I'm gonna take a quick
break so that we can we can do our
sponsor shout out before we move on the
next one and max team and Gabe if you
guys want to sit around you can but feel
free to grab a drink her grab some water
or something like that while I talk him
can we talk oh you're gonna talk I'm
gonna talk I guess HP yeah okay cool
they can't hear me but you guys can hear
me as I talk about omen by HP who are
the sponsor that they're the sponsor
that makes this whole thing
happen it's badass that they came in
basically about a month or so gonna
start sponsoring the show before that we
enhancer for the show they is here
something well before that we didn't
have a sponsor for the show and so it's
really cool that they have they gave us
their support hang out why mark can you
uh what anyway I really appreciate the
support that they've given for those
that don't know all men by HP is a brand
that came in a couple years ago and into
the gaming space previously they weren't
doing they didn't have like this kind of
type of brand and they wanted to support
eSports because the time that they came
in they realized that competitive gaming
it was basically you know gonna be a
core component of the gaming space going
into the future and they see sort of the
passion of the fans how how awesome
everybody isn't there I think a big fan
of all this stuff too
and I think that's proven in the fact
that not only are they supporting you
know big leagues like the overwatch
league but they're also supporting the
teams and you know even down to the
grassroots content creators like myself
and so I don't know I mean if you guys
appreciate the content if you appreciate
the show if you like the fact that mark
and I can actually you know get
compensated for the time that wait a
second hello I want to know max are you
did you can you mute yourself on skype
so sorry as s-max
interrupts the shoutout but if you
appreciate the content that we do if you
appreciate the show if you appreciate
the support it sponsors like them that
actually allow me to do this stuff
independently and I am sort of
experiment do different things and make
content that you guys really want so
from the bottom I heart I say thank you
to owned by HP and I hope you guys do
and you know they've hooked me up not
only obviously with sponsoring the show
but with gear like the laptop behind me
the desktop that's streaming this I've
had a great experience with that so
again thank you so much to omen by HP
for supporting the show and if you are
watching feel free to go give them a
follow Roman by HP on Twitter give them
a shout out
say whatever it is actually really cool
that they support grassroots content
creators like this cuz not not everybody
does you know a lot of people go and
they just buy a bunch of banner ads and
call it a day
so it's it's really cool that they're
passionate about all this stuff either
way thank you - Owen by HP a melt and
we're back we're back I'm ready for the
next okay
sorry what were you guys talking about
nothing
wait now max is quiet that's cuz you're
not getting a Skype anymore Skype was
using his good microphone and I bet hit
discord then good okay guys guys did
shape of water deserve to win
picture of the year I did not see it so
I haven't even seen it okay I just
thought it was really great because it
seemed like just like a whatever movie I
think of the year that no one cared
about but it won so what were the other
options was like get out I don't know
yeah that's the only I've only seen get
a ladybird oh yeah ladybird
I love historical pieces call me by your
name yeah I've only seen like has anyone
even made that had the time to go to the
movies recently besides to see Black
Panther which is forever
ya know mark you can't do that why
you're not allowed no I didn't because
you're not from Wakanda
no look oh shoot oh my god that just
looks like herpes let's move on to the
next caller
mark is off grabbing him in the meantime
oh they're already here risen Lazarus is
joining the show right now
unfortunately risen Lazarus recalling
from recent Lazarus where he called from
the Lazarus Pit I fell asleep during my
bed
hey Travis calling from the great state
of Washington DC okay that's not a state
but what what do you want to talk about
on the show um
so Travis you know because your friends
but Nick Allen had an AMA on a co2
scrubber that last week and in that AMA
I asked my question about fan engagement
because we've been noticed I've been
noticing at least that a lot of CLG
content and community engagement seems
to be down not just this season but just
in general in the past few years and I
initially got news and likes and
favorites on stuff right and including
on their major cotton bees as long CLG
fighting which is their story in the
video documentary series that you all
produce um and he said generally that
yeah he's also noticing this they have
their own metrics that say similar
things and I asked them you know if they
have some sort of plan of how to fix it
or where they go from here and his
response was interesting and it's it's
basically what I've been thinking is
that CLG is having a problem right now
differentiating itself in the ecosystem
from other teams and what I understand
that to mean is they're sort of a
branding issue where it's not clear why
or at least how fans should engage CLG
differently from they do other teams
where they're not sure what exactly the
brand stands for what the organization
stands for now I'm after we've you know
lost x y&z player and the organization's
changed so much so my question generally
just given that sort of observation what
you can disagree with that is well I
love that I'd love to hear comments in
that regard as well but generally how
much branding goes into your video
production decisions whether it's you
know as we talked about this before but
the specific content that goes in or the
specific moments that you do or don't
include but also generally you know the
role that you think the different video
series have with establishing the brands
of you know your theory works but orga
generally but that's basically it yeah
ok so it sounds like the beginning of
your question was just to complain about
CLG but that's usually the beginning of
most of my questions yeah exactly it's
like I had this whole thing
alright so you
the question is does well based on what
you perceived to be a branding issue for
CLG sort of how do these guys think
about branding and how does that
incorporate go into their content this
is kind of a cool conversation because
like lately I've been talking a lot of
people youyou kind of look at fly quests
you look at object it's sort of like
there are these new teams that are
trying to figure out how to do this
stuff 100 days how do you make your mark
how do you feel about what your brand is
how do you what is the story you're
trying to tell and I think the three of
you guys probably more than anybody else
in your organizations probably are the
ones that are helping to define what the
brand is for these teams so whenever you
guys are are making your content like
how do you well how do you think about
this stuff and do you think about it
like what is Team Liquid verse 100
thieves like gabe how did you think
about the stuff when you moved like max
how are you influenced by by TSM I don't
know and who wants to kick it off but I
think that's kind of cool it's a pretty
loaded question if you like want to look
back at like old TSM old CLG you know
back when they were like leading content
back and curse it's a the ecosystems
been changing and it constantly changes
and so with a hundred themes we in a
sense are lucky enough to start in this
new ish ecosystem that's being created
so we can start fresh we could start
with eyes on us and we can start like
hitting the ground running well teams
like CLG and you know that hadn't ok
start early like they have to like
change their entire direction it's just
a situation for them to be in for sure
and not to shit on gabe too much but he
also has an 8 shot oh we shouldn't you
know undersell how much like Travis and
I both were like man I don't know how
much I like country thieves this and
that and then like travesty an interview
with nahshon he's like I love date shot
wait a minute
instantly became a hundred yeah it's
hard when someone's so passionate so it
wouldn't you mean we are really lucky
with nadeshot
like you know you have a Reggie you have
Steve to other like really iconic people
in the league with nature coming in and
just having that big personality around
him that confidence around him and him
knowing what he wants hundred things to
be and how much he cares for his players
like you could watch like the B stream
that he had like just all twitch chat
was like wow nadeshot super nice like he
just it's truly like as a player himself
as someone who was rational Call of Duty
player like knows what the players going
through and connect with them and he
just really cares for his players and he
really is a passionate about his brand
hundred thieves our brand under thieves
so it was just when he came in he came
in swinging he came in you know wanting
to show that he wants to take care of
players and he wants to make good
content and it kind of just transcends
and then you see it in all of his vlogs
so you get his perspective when he
releases a vlog and get the heist
perspective when we leave when we
released the heist it's a it's kind of
hard not to to be a big fan of him and
what he stands for
yeah and that just goes to like what
hundred thieves is gonna stand for too
but I think I'm actually we were talking
about this earlier I think game we were
talking with this the other night you
with the heist you kind of get too cheap
because you have nadeshot who comes in
and not only does he sort of get to act
just like the figurehead and the guy
that's like leading the team but he's a
content creator like Andy and Steve were
not content creators so when you include
them like I've made knows how because he
just he walks around like this all the
time with the camera in front of his
face and it's talking to his audience I
think he probably knows you know a
little bit better how to handle the
audience how to tell the story how to be
like the narrator I'm kind of curious
max and Damian what do you guys think of
that do you ever look at that and you're
just like Oh fuckin nadeshot or whatever
or do you guys try to get Andy and Steve
more involved in this stuff like that
what do you kind of think of all that I
am so jealous under t hesitate shot he
just seems like the coolest dude to work
work for so uh yeah but I had cooler
than Andy no I have only because and
it's really great than him Andy because
I can talk to Andy about I can have a
long conversation with Andy that's not
content related and he'll just be
talking about business stuff on TSN M
and after the comments I'm just like
super inspires want to go back to my
desk and start working like he has a
wave like rallying his players and also
his staff and employees to just push
themselves and do better you know like
that whole fuck it BAE life mentality
like it actually he actually is that way
IRL and it translates to you know his
players and stuff so yeah I'm lucky to
have Reggie but nadeshot seems pretty
cool too yeah I was gonna let damien
only speaks here but he is currently
gone
they make your videos out but yeah just
saying just to say my piece about H I
really fast yeah very lucky I mean it's
insane how when he's articulate and -
he's so passionate as an owner like he's
at every match he is sitting in the
front row he's on the edge of his seat
you know and he's like he knows he's
learning so much more about like what
the match is and how's it going he's
just like he's in love with it he's in
love with like the players he want to
make sure they're taken care of he just
loves the whole scene and so having
someone that passionate it's hard not to
be equally as passionate about the
entire thing I'm gonna talk about CLG
because people want well so I was gonna
I was gonna bring it up all right
Absolut does clg's lack of a figurehead
kind of be a problem whether it's a
figure had an actual leader like I know
argued like hotshot was the soul of that
org and then he died and then doublelift
and afro were and then they're gone now
it's like who's like the guy Nick Allen
gallon in content I don't know I think
you need too much whiskey to make Nick
Allen interesting on camera so I think
that seal geez biggest flaw no I mean a
favorite team back today yeah I mean I
would say the same when they had double
lifts and Ephram ooh and be reversing on
that team dude oh yeah I mean yeah
that's pretty much it that's those are
my thoughts on CLG unlucky feels as
Gabriel knows like it's so hard and
maybe max felt this a little bit in the
first two weeks of the season it's hard
to make a show about a losing team yeah
when like the only thing that you could
do is be like well we were okay but then
we weren't and we'll get him next time
and it's like great okay let's do it
again for this week okay let's do it
again for the following yeah so I mean
CLG isn't that unlucky situation where
it's like what what do you do you just
keep having reign over make you smiles
and by Ofra
speak ute with reignover and then we'll
get him next week but back to it
Lazarus's question like so if Gabe can
use nadeshot a lot as sort of a brand
building identity of like you know like
nade shots like optimism and desire for
his team to win and sort of like the
passion that he has for that night that
starts to sort of instill into what the
hundred thieves brand is and and even in
the name like I know that Nate shot in
the past has talked about like the name
hundred thieves kind of being derived
from the fact that you have like take
what you you want like the wins that you
want you have to get them for yourself
because no one's gonna give you that
stuff like how do you like max and
Damien how do you think about your
brands and how do you like incorporate
that stuff like what is TSM and how do
you show that in legends and what does
Team Liquid and how do you show them the
squad and across you know other pieces
of content yeah for TSM is pretty easy I
can always just refer back to the old
bay life vlogs and just you know hate
like nostalgia points and the newer
content so it's pretty easy for us who
has like a long history on you too and I
can always just refer back so it's kind
of tough for CLG who's just now getting
into making content like starting last
year I think and yeah they got in pretty
late so I'm not really sure how to fix
their problems maybe a figurehead I'm
not too sure honestly but I know like
jack who does her video stuff for league
like he works crazy hours he works so
hard
so it they're just having trouble you
know having you know the fans latch on
to their team and their content yeah I
definitely don't think that it's their
content creators yeah flaw I think it's
more of a brand perception currently in
the league sort of yeah but I I agree
with max in terms of like going back and
talking about I don't know for me Team
Liquid has always been about like its
rich history obviously was like one of
the first eSports brands ever formed
curse being you know it's as they merged
together you know having been in there
in LCS originally so there is always you
can throw back like we actually did a
couple throwback pieces coming into the
split which gave work done with me and
so I think it's always good to
pay respects to the past and especially
like when you have like say for example
squad series who last year had Matt Lohr
low like these dyrdek like these players
that you've seen before like I always
like to give them a little bit of screen
time so that like the fans that have
seen it for a long time are like oh yeah
those are my boys I remember them from
last split you know like damn unlucky
sort of feels yeah thanks and hopefully
that helped answer your question yeah
yeah thanks so much guys but that more
or less set where I was thinking much
love Gabe big CLG fan I know you were -
yeah absolutely
the sealed you camp tournament it was
like the first one of the biggest
tournaments I threw as well and it was
so nice but ya know he'll be I miss
those days I missed the Cal BEF remove
double lift Alan is just taking a
beating right now wonderful day no I'm
sealed you can come back I definitely
think sealed you can come back they just
need to find their footing yeah how
happy to be working with aphromoo now
Gabe oh god I love it
so if funny that you say that on my
birthday February 16th five years ago I
had gone to in azubu finals in Los
Angeles was the first time I met Avram
her so I told him I was like hey I miss
our five-year anniversary of knowing
each other and he's just like it was not
into it it's a super nice and such a
nice guy
it's been a while a while coming to
actually work with him he's a he's one
of the honestly better players that I've
worked with and I've worked with a lot
of great players mark can you as you
would go to grab the next person can you
grab soon onyx sure is that Brodin can
you grab soon onyx for the next caller
yeah I grabbed him okay well you should
probably should check and make sure of
stuff he's he's muted right now hello oh
god I could hear awfully road in
Whateley onyx during the Coulson onyx
very colorful oh thanks why can't I hear
him this is why you go to the other
channel to Gratz this is why you don't
pull your friends in
you can you work with mark presently
yeah yeah yeah nepotism on the what
third caller all right all right hang on
let me get some shoutouts by the way to
some people who definitely owe them
eficient five five seven Wrath of Khan
full on a hillbilly Bob Joe 77071 dirty
poia
CLG beam Asst opt GG who by the way was
on the show earlier thank you to him
real foxy Ahri subbed let's see we got
sir cattle shadows real foxy give to the
subs Demian earlier we were answering
that console at 64 real fox you give to
this up to ik helios who is probably in
Korea right now and then we got who else
hi I'm tracks Dona 10 split second shot
subbed real foxy gift us up to liquid
maliek mellow jello 100 sandy toes HS
Sarek the Impaler eraser 2 5 6 thanks to
all those people and we've now got seen
onyx back in the call so nice where you
come from
[Music]
wait what I literally can you hear me
you're I don't know what you did
compared to when I said you sound good
now and then you sound like bull so it's
easy I see what's using the wrong
microphone right no yeah this is getting
better ok I'm just I'm speaking much
louder now that might be helping ok good
so yeah so knotek's where you calling
from how's it going violet now yeah it
is it's super lit that's the latest it's
ever been to change the thing above his
head what thing above us have no no it's
still liquid liquid oh I've missed that
news yeah
yeah one of the staff I got some with
six seven people the stack dude okay so
mark can you will talk to a vital really
quickly could you go check with Brendan
one more time if it doesn't work a
little figure single cell all right
vital is on the show right now in the
Damian Estrada spot vital what is your
how we wanted introduce yourself and get
a little bit of history on who you are
oh man we're going with the big one way
I need to use the restroom still I just
came here to answer a boating question
really quick okay wait what you're just
who are you were you what did you do
whoa uh before joining one up and Team
Liquid I worked for cloud nine doing
video content with League of Legends all
our teams that's pretty much it nice
bring back Genesis bring back Genesis
Genesis is dead stop everybody Twitter
handle on there Travis so people can
tweet at him when Genesis is coming back
alright so it's not the one oh did we
give up on Broden for now
no he's spreadin bro hello Broden where
are you calling from
do you hear me now yes I'm calling from
my bedroom okay I just wanted to say as
the former content creator for the late
great team Dragon Knights I am one with
you guys we are all content creators as
ah do you have any questions for these
team content rodents for those that
don't know could be a team content
creator if you wanted to instead he
works with me so I don't know how
comfortable Britton is with me
disclosing it but I've decided to do
that anyway bronan why have you decided
not to be any of the people that are on
this because you you could potentially
be repping one of these
teams so I decided not to join a team
because I felt very constricted working
with these same five players which is as
as I heard early in the stream like if
the players don't do well you're cuffed
to just create kind of the same
narrative unless you can find some
player that will change everyone's
attention from their losing streak you
know like with team Dragon Knights for
example they were losing basically every
game and it's like that was the story
every day it was like how do you guys
feel we feel shitty okay are you gonna
do anything differently yeah we'll play
better that's it you know yeah so so do
you think Broden that these guys should
feel envious to the fact that they just
have to work with players instead of
being able to work with me well I mean
there's pros and cons like the pros to
working with the team is that you have
unlimited access to them well
hypothetically unlimited access to them
whereas being a third party you don't
always like have the resources that you
would hope you have I just bought a
drone that being said like being a third
party you can like we can make a video
with every team in it if we wanted to
you know yeah yeah yeah do you have a
question for any of these guys cuz it
would be nice of Vital just sat down and
he's just had to sit here and hear you
talk about how sections work for teams
and why it's great working with me do
you do you have a question for you these
guys or anything you want to say I
[Music]
interact with your players because and
are your sole character in your pieces
like you guys
are you like me I'm not here exist like
hey which man look like we need this you
know yeah anyone needs yeah so throw in
your internet is dying or something but
the the question was basically how do
you guys interact with your players do
you ask them to do stuff for you
sometimes like hey can you walk this way
or can I get the shot or do you you know
do you ever talk to them or do you just
like fly on the wall
are we all robots today yeah just spread
them no specifically I heard Travis just
fine yeah no one else is a robot voice
that's brother please somebody answer
the question vital ok final how do you
divide all first because I there's a
hilarious story here vital started
shooting for Team Liquid and Peter likes
to walk up and interact with Damien all
the time I get the feeling at cloud 9 no
one ever did that because Damien
whenever he went and hung out with me
and Peter when we got lunch was like
vital keeps asking why you're walking up
on him Peter now thinks he can't talk to
vital at all so cuz I'm like really
sarcastic with Peter because Peter is
sarcastic you know so like I'm doing
like this super meta sarcasm where he
just takes everything seriously
how can he gets butthurt okay but it's
working yes so but vital how much do you
interact when you're shooting with the
guys and all that stuff I don't know
like I think it's just random like I
don't try to interact with anybody that
kind of just my my own business you know
but I feel like every now and then
they'll kind of like find out that oh
like double its like Street Fighter you
know I'm a street fighter fan you know
so I kind of just bring it up you know
when it's appropriate to you know that's
it I don't really just my mom business I
don't try to like get all in their face
you know have that space yeah max how
how what's it like for you working with
the TSN guys for me I'm lucky I guess
because our team goes to like almost all
of the events that you could possibly go
to
I'm except like that one MSI
and some im's we didn't decide to go to
but in the Oh Jake's place after group
stage at Worlds true yes and then you
know so I've just been able to hang out
with them you know when we're not
filming anything and you know I I'd like
to say that I've gotten close enough to
most of the guys that I'd probably
invite them you know to my wedding if I
ever got married like that's how deep it
goes I guess like we just talk a lot and
yeah they're all pretty Pleasant never
had a bad experience with any of the
players even when like stuff is really
bad like we'll just talk about non
leaked stuff and yeah well pretty
friendly yeah I have a question for Matt
who would you say you're the closest to
as far as players right now to you soon
yeah probably big just because I've
known him the longest and then but like
besides beard maybe yeah I guess Kevin
second Lucas yeah what's it like like
you said you'd invite these guys to your
wedding what happens when the players
leave like are they off the wedding
invite list or how does that work when
they're what when they leave the team
selects Peter no no no Dennison like
Vincent Peter especially like they were
on the team like two years so yeah most
guys that were on the team you know I'm
pretty close with them so even if we
don't talk much now like you know
players don't talk to each other when
like they jump teams so I don't get to
talk to them that much now but uh you
know I'd say it's still pretty friendly
Gabe how much I interact with players on
100t depend on the situation you know if
they're all joking around and stuff I
mostly want to capture that you know I
it's fun to be a part of it
yep those are the moments that you want
to capture most the most inviting parts
are like what you want to capture
because it it's easy to go and jump in
and talk but it's like this is so
genuine you know this is something I
want to record so I find myself like
either like replying or asking question
in those situations that keep it going
but ultimately you know when the cameras
not running and I don't have one my hand
they're just like great guys you know um
I don't know someday Ryu like there is
something real or that like the to heart
is a talk with but uh you know they're
they're fun I always bug them about
something or just like yell their name
that's a good way to get their attention
and just be like hey you look great
today
um so will Cody and Zachary just
ultimately really good people and so
it's so easy to get along with them so I
think actually we're pretty lucky the
three of our teams are have such a
person eyes that are just more I guess
normal in a sense yeah so Marc yeah I
was trying to ask broadens actual
question Travis when he was saying have
you guys ever had to like force them to
do something cuz he was saying how much
of it is being on a flying ball in terms
of shooting less about personal
relationships so have you guys ever had
to like really fake something like just
like you guys really need to like set up
a situation make them say some shit
maybe some sponsor stuff that was just
like horrible is there any like memory
you have about that stuff yeah I
remember I had to do like a HDC video
with sneaky of him just saying see like
certain expressions while saying same so
yeah Dave you know it was just like so
hard to capture it just like the
simplest thing just saying one word
no luckily on liquid and on 100 thieves
now it yeah I've never really had to
force them to say anything it's all just
pretty genuine if I like to have the
camera on in time all of you ask them
they're like like what did you say like
but not in like a weird like say that
again this needs to be recorded yeah and
if I miss it than I miss it then I just
kind of goes out the window you kind of
just adapt to it he don't really make
the players do anything that they're not
really normal do me unless it's like
it's deliverable and then everyone needs
to like you know get pied in the face or
something something like then no a
documentary series it's pretty much
always what happens and nothing's really
forced one of the things I'm actually
kind of curious Broun's on the call but
I'm afraid of when he's gonna start
talking again but one of the sounds like
he's okay
but Brodin and I I often talk to Britain
about where I say that this is like a
new realization and I think I've talked
to Gabe a little bit about it where I
feel like with the content that I'm
producing and that Brad and I are
producing that we can cheat
because you guys are kind of limited to
just sort of following and filming the
players and what they're doing right you
can't be like hey I want to shoot this
awesome intro sequence of you guys
getting ready to go to LCS so let's hang
out for two hours before LCS starts and
then you know make sure that the shots
are all right and like make sure that we
get you like do this take where you roll
over and see a body pillow four times or
whatever and and you guys are kind of
limited to sort of just filming what
they're doing so is that what you know
what do you guys think like are you guys
is that frustrates you do you wish that
you could get the guys to do more stuff
and sort of do that is it does it is
there a point in time where you're like
oh man like it just sucks that like the
only thing I can ever capture is what
these guys are doing or do you figure
out ways to make it work what max oh
yeah I think we have decent enough
access to them already too you know and
just time after scrims like they can do
stuff like for sponsor stuff or other
things for legends if I need it
like a shot of York sin just standing in
a garage so I can make him look like
Sandra with balls floating around him
you know it's just I guess I get what
you mean like we only have what they're
doing to film but I don't really need
much beyond that honestly
well like I still wouldn't want to
interrupt like their scrims
and you know tell the coach like hey can
we do one less screen block so I can get
this thing like I would never do that so
yeah or just be letting it's hey can you
guys argue just again that way that was
really good like I was out of focus on
the shot and so yeah yeah same thing
with Max normally during their like
interview slot like if I have something
that I want to like pick up like for
example my guess so two or three thing
goes three Kody had the Team Liquid
Jersey on it was like a continuation of
the last episode so you know we just
basically keep the players time to like
just take their smallest amount of time
we can so just have everything ready you
know bring him in get him out that's
pretty much all we do but no it's not
like a hindrance I don't want these
players to be able to like
gulps the situation anyway I can I I
like the fact of the challenge of
working with what we have
telling an onion honest story and then
doing what I can to bring the emotion
out of it and then finally well well
burdens on the call just to make fun of
Roden Broden I think you know he because
people are starting to become more aware
the fact that he works with me his
social media is starting to go up and
he's had a little taste of that Fame and
he's really enjoying it right Brodin
oh yeah that's ours our family it's like
max you have 15,000 Twitter followers
you know Gabe like you know urinate
shots videos and they Chuck keeps
referencing you and shouting you out
vital like people know that you worked
on all the cloud9 stuff and and you've
had your own following start to build
like what's it like for you guys as
people that are behind the camera and
producing the stuff to start to get like
a following and have people understand
you and and this this past weekend by
the way somebody asked her a picture
with me and Broden and I don't know if
I've ever seen him more happy so I was
kind of nice for me it's just like when
you asked me to do this show it I like I
almost asked why because like I really
don't think anyone cares about us it's
like really weird for me to like when
people come up to me to ask for like a
photo or an autograph I'm just like why
the TSN players are like right over
there players like right over there go
ask them so I'm not really sure I don't
get it but uh yeah yeah pretty much the
same it happened more than I mean
hundred things does it happened a little
bit but um I look with it I would get a
beam like Poland or something at a csgo
tournament and they're like you know can
you sign my mouse pad to at Wallin fill
me I'm like you don't want that you know
if that's not something you want you
don't want you don't even know what the
name is gonna be on there because it's
not what matches my Jersey um so yeah I
mean it's Andy hasn't even been a big
thing like again people don't care too
much and I
really care if they do or don't as like
just as long as they watch the show
the best compliment isn't like hey can I
get a picture with you or can you sign
this it's like when people like notice
like the little things you put in your
video you know a lot of people have been
talking about the threats in our last
step this week and then that's just
that's perfect that's all I want you
know people to watch the videos relate
to them connect with them deep dive and
talk about them in a constructive way
that's not like you know 100 fries the
best TSM sucks like you know that
actually watched via that comment on IR
is so much better than anyone being like
hey I watched like I want your autograph
first it's just about no it's just gonna
add that I think it is pretty cool that
you know people will first follow you
for you know what you create as far as
content video content and then when they
realize you know you're into art or into
this type of music you know you bond and
they remain your follower or main your
fan of your work and etc I think that's
pretty cool too
like in the long run the best thing
about vital was the eSports famous thing
like when I saw that shit I was like oh
my god that's so fucking cool shirts and
hoodies that just say eSports famous
which I really want one but I hear I
never got mine can I wear that in
California sorted out but give it one or
two months okay come on me produce any
final thoughts here yeah well the
correct response I had was are you sure
because typically they would ask me to
take the photo so this is a very like
now who's gonna take it anyway I had one
final question for each of you a short
one when do you guys feel safe turning
the camera off
because as documentarians like when I
shoot doc stuff I oh I feel like I'm
changed to the camera like I'm gonna
miss something if I ever turned it off
so when do you guys feel comfortable
being like okay I've got my shot well
for me like I kind of just like listened
to it like I just
shoot the conversation once the
conversation is done that kind of just
ended and tell myself like I think I
have a good bit here but if I'm like
missing something I'll just keep
shooting but I was kind of hard because
you know you can check a camera off you
can miss a moment but I kind of just
wait for like the dialogue to end and
this one I'll stop shooting yeah anybody
know for me it's like easy because my
camera body allows me to have the like
my thumb right on the trigger figure as
I hold it and so if any funny
conversation or if I anticipate that
something's coming I can like click it
right away and I can start filming so
that's just like a cool advantage that I
have personally but yeah it feels it
feels pretty bad like when a funny
conversation happens and you miss it and
you know I'm not gonna time to redo it
ever you say anything so yeah yeah it
feels really bad when you like oh this
is so good you get in the middle of it
and you can see edit you're like okay
there's no way I can even explain how
this began and it's just like oh it's so
good no it gets pretty systematic when
it comes to at least LCS days you know
when people go home you're like okay
well I can turn out okay they're getting
in there overs but other than that if
they're like at the house and it's cribs
and stuff you can normally tell when a
conversation is dying down
you mean we're sitting on loads of
footage so it's not like there's
anything short of not recording it's
just yeah you win some you lose some
yeah can I say something yeah like why
does I feel like everyone has like the
same like lighting setup it's all very
vital you're a creative person you might
you might notice that there's color
schemes and feels and vibe yeah that's
that it's all purple and red and blue
and stuff just go get the purple yeah
well that's a mixture of blue and red so
I guess we're like yeah all right good
bye bro
[Music]
I couldn't grab Davian in the users
okay so can i later guys hey legacy nope
thank you god bless you guys shows dope
too late
thank you to the Impaler eraser 256 a
real Fox you give to the sub-divided
I'll shout out to vital real Fox to get
this sub to artists shout out to artists
the TL manager shadow by real foxy won
by the way just gives everybody steps I
hope I hope that Avila has one wink wink
the Ross Geller recept and says please
tell me you have a bio daddy interview
coming out this week thanks and good
evening I do have a bio daddy interview
coming out it's right now if you have
patreon when you're at that tier you can
actually watch it but it will come out
soon so moving on to the next caller
we've got shadows here shadows where you
come from I'm coming for I'm calling
from Olympia Washington nice and am i
pronouncing your name correctly you
actually are I'm very proud of you thank
you I thank you finally some folks um we
have some pride in me shadows what do
you want to talk about well first I also
want to say I bought an HP Envy laptop
recently uh thanks to recommendation HP
young Travis out here thanks oh yes I am
a closest twitch prime sub just today so
you know because we only it's up to the
highest level of quant or content with
our subs but today I wanted to talk
about um just how players I feel like
players when they're put on to camera a
lot of the time they're uninteresting to
watch because they don't want to be
there it's very like I guess it's not
hard to tell when you know you have this
like shy player who just came all the
way from Korea and you know he's he's
being
putting up front of all these like you
know these cameras he's ain't told to
make content and he just he just doesn't
feel like he should make contact as he
has no reason to be there and I just
wants to stay inside and you know play a
mad League of Legends but you're forcing
them outside of this room and putting
them in front of all these cameras for
like four hours doing some random shoot
I feel like you guys just the aren't you
guys but just in general like golden
Guardians or echo fives people who are
lacking in content rather that be due to
like them just not having a team or the
players it's been like no no no no no
just let us play the game I feel like
they just need to talk or be more
incentivized to be on the camera I just
want to hear you guys has thoughts on
that yeah so sort of the question is
like how do you balance like these guys
responsibilities to being on camera and
sort of all the attention that comes
with all that stuff who more so just
like getting a player's that I get or ha
that I would like to ask the question
how do you guys feel like
Gabey oh and you know vital oh y'all how
you feel like you should incentivize
your players to get on the camera more
or to be more involved in content or
just how people should incentivize their
players to be in more content yeah I
mean it's a fair question because I
assume you guys have players that like
sometimes especially during our losing
streak like the last thing these guys
want to do is sit down and talk to you
guys about how things are going with the
team and all that stuff so how do you
guys coerce them bribe them get them to
do this stuff and how hard is that stuff
sometimes sometimes you're lucky and you
get players like double if that
understands that like brand-building is
super sure like once your careers over
or if their professional career is over
right like playing and I think you know
players like bjergsen definitely
understand that I think players that
didn't understand that were piglet but
he also wasn't like shy from the camera
he was just like a little troll so it
works I mean sometimes players that also
want to be in front of the camera just
aren't good in front of the camera
and that's unfortunate sometimes but uh
that's my take on it yeah obviously
don't like shove a camera in their face
to make them of course comfortable you
know but it just goes along the lines of
them not a lot of people or at least not
on my team do they change from who they
are off camera to who they are on camera
okay yeah of course
I think I need a general or I'd be more
specific I meant more so towards like
like say like dr. pepper ads or I don't
know like so you have to go do an
alienware shoot now this
like in house like squad content or TSM
legend content you know just like kinda
like stuff that you have to go out of
your way you know it's kind of out of
house wood yeah exactly yeah that kind
of stuff like how do you feel that's
more so when I'm talking less about the
like that's just part of the job you
know every every single spore every
single is you know something well right
it's a part of the job I mean more so
like because obviously that content
isn't like watched too much because it
feels like a lot of the time the players
just aren't really there or they're
giving like half-assed like you know
acting or half-assed question or answers
to questions you know just not really
caring I was wondering how you guys feel
like you should make the players or how
to incentivize them you know like do you
give them tons of money do you I don't
know say hey if you do this like maybe
you know we'll give you some more off
time like what are you what do you do I
guess it's the question is kind of like
I'm not trying to be disrespectful but
this the only way to describe it the
question is like how do you get your
workers to work right yeah cuz like
ultimately we have to play the game and
they have sponsorship deliverables and
they have to do fan interactions and
it's all part of the job so it would be
the equivalent of saying like well how
do you get how do you incentivize this
doctor to go talk to his patients oh
they just like kind of have to make more
so how do you make them care cuz like
you could cuz I right so say for
instance like I work on talkable that
like I I don't necessarily want to be
there right but you know my boss will
sometimes you know she's like a good
posture come come by bring us some cake
or something you know be nice it makes
it a nice experience it makes it better
and it makes my I guess acting when I go
you know talk to customers more
believable like hey yeah I love you
here's your food now get out here um
hang on what well those people care
about me coderre are you a hundred
percent like man whenever one there's TZ
bernetta crunches I I remember
that's the reason to the wrong place
Taco Bell I went to drive through time I
was like yeah can I get a Big Mac and I
got okay whatever the facts are the
question which is you know how do you
guys how do you guys keep these guys
motivated and maybe this is more about
like the team management but you guys
probably have an idea right like you
probably have team players that get
super moody they've lost a ton recently
you now have to ask them to do a sponsor
thing sure it's their job but like you
need them to like really deliver and own
it like is that just the energy that you
guys bring to them do you guys joke with
them ahead of time like because there's
there's definitely gonna be moments
where they have to do stuff they don't
want to and you still have to get them
to like deliver on that so how do you is
you guys have any special ways to do
that or is it like the managers just
saying like hey fucking smile in this
video or I think I haven't really had to
do much 400 days but when we were back
on liquid we never we had to do a lot of
them FEMA and I and me and the rest of
the crew if you see Trials HD sea trials
honestly it's just about being absurd
thank you all 2k people think so too
being prepared and just making sure that
you understand the respect the players
time and that's the most you can do and
normally they're good like I haven't
really had like a terrible experience
like even when we were like losing and
liquid was like the bottom of the barrel
like piglet would still do like the
piglet glitching out video and you have
a different one to have a different did
we have a horrible experience actually
oh wait vital all right I'm gonna tell
I'm gonna tell a little bit of the story
and then I want vital to tell all right
all right so when I was working on azubu
vital and I were shooting for his Ubu at
the time and we had to shoot an azubu
announcement that it was coming out like
2.0 and we had to work with double lift
and he was such a little shit like Kelby
had to take him outside of the house and
like vital and I were sitting
there and we hear like he'll be yelling
at him and he's like the sponsors are
here you have to do this shit vital do
you have any more input I want to hear I
want to hear it because I feel like I
don't but this shit was crazy remembers
the curse video where we had like full
dress up you have boy boy and cop and
they dressed up and actually had to like
oh yeah fucking remember that dude holy
shit yeah so like that was actually one
we're like they were pretty excited for
it because like the idea itself was
pretty funny and then like the
production people that we hired because
at points sometimes Steve would try and
save money on thanks we didn't really
get like the best like poster for Disney
that was before Disney as before a lot
of things anyway so like the post
production was just really shitty on it
and it was sad to see like when players
actually did care about a funny video
that was a sponsorship thing it didn't
work out on the on the production side
which feels like it's the other way
around mostly now where it's like the
production people are really good but
the players don't care yeah yeah
thankfully like at sm our partnerships
team is really really good and I have
like weekly meetings with them to make
sure any sponsor stuff that we have to
do is like good for the players like for
the time and like that they would
actually be okay doing or have fun doing
like we just did a jelly bean like bean
boozled trivia thing and like the trivia
part was fun but the bean part sucks so
you know we have to make sure it's like
fun for them and also sometimes things
slip through the cracks like we have to
do a skit and no one likes like the
players hate acting so what I would do
is just like do a read-through with them
before we start filming and just like do
all the voices myself and just read all
the lines myself and you know make them
laugh and make them comfortable and then
they'll do my lights you hear anything
yeah so they won't be so nervous when
they're doing themselves and uh yeah
yeah
hey the shadows thank you so much they I
think your question really brought up a
conversation so thank you and no problem
thanks for having me yes the sponsors in
the stuff I'm probably gonna grab Taco
Bell after this so hopefully they are
hey yo yo can you make sure that you let
him know that I named Simeon Saint you
feel right okay well the hook you with
that special sauce and real quick
Damian when I want to shout out that a
edit in squad season two episode for ten
minutes
the echo fox edit i don't know who did
that for their match that was a fucking
amazing edit and then also for y'all
Travis is a professional did you see how
terrible asked this question he was like
I know in a minute I got it down real
quick so that like I can't do this stuff
dangerous I'm pretty sure that edit
you're talking about was in pops tell
him he's the goddamn man cuz that she
was amazing thank you shadows your your
all of our biggest promoter I think what
if I ever need anybody just talk about
how great all of us are when we when we
have the hotline League live Miami show
you'll be the hype man before you I'm
out thank you I'm literally like a known
I not oh hey man I got you thank you
I'm getting to I fear I'll get it
catered if I talk about thanks again hey
Thank You Man I had to work one into the
episode Travis yeah that's that's good
so next up we got Rob where are you
calling from Robin calling from the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania outside of
Philadelphia Pennsylvania outside of
Philadelphia what do you wanna talk
about so I was just wondering if any of
you guys if maybe you switch teams or
you were fan of a team because you're
invested in the eSports team or eSport
scene before you join an ORAC and then
didn't join the org that you were a fan
of have you ever been a fan of a team
that you're not currently working for
and how does that affect you God Amy any
stars ask for Damian are you here hello
Damian yeah I'm here did you hear the
question yeah if the question is and
I'll say it out loud if you ever a fan
of a team that you weren't working for
that you wanted to work for and
eventually you ended up swapping to work
for them well yeah but even there even
then like nah for go ahead and right
I just meant like if that was a possible
reason why you might not be working for
the team that you're a fan of not that
working for them like Damien for a while
right he'll be forgeries and stuff no eg
that sounds like Gabriel no no no no no
no excuse me
no I was a na'vi fan well dodo is my
thing yeah I was a huge Navi fan and
then I was an alliance fan cuz I was
just jumping bandwagons well I mean eg
were the same thing right same parent
company about but back to this question
like max have you always been a TSM fan
Gabe like always years you've always
been an eight-shot fan though right yeah
he's watching you better answer right no
no oh sorry go max gasser Oh for me is I
watched game crib I watched chasing the
cup with TSM so it was really really
surreal when I started to work on cats
and legends and so yeah I was always the
TSM Ben but I will say my first eSports
icon that I bought hopefully I don't get
fired was CLG season 3 so yep ok
so you started for CLG did you wish that
you could work for CLG or was it just
like straight up TSM whenever you went
there this will probably sound really
dumb but when maybe like 2012 or 2011
when I was watching I don't know what it
was maybe he's like the CLG documentary
and I saw like Kelby he was like the
manager I was like wait I want to kill
these job
this guy looks really cool he gets to
hang out with the players he doesn't
have to play he gets to go to all the
events he's just in eSports so yeah I
wanted Kelly's job yeah I was younger
well you really just learned though
that's not you know was that Kelly's job
was more about taking Peter outside to
yell at him whenever
disrespecting sponsors what about having
a good time
yep yeah all right it's good
I don't we sounds like we got we got
vital on did vital catch the question oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't know I
didn't like start from a team but I
thought was pretty cool like going to
MLG events and eventually working with
optic and becoming part of optic back in
the day I thought that was pretty cool
you know I mean like and it's funny cuz
I didn't really know how big they were
because you know Call of Duty was so
small back in the day like when I
started around MLG like 2010 2009 so
it's crazy that they blew up you know
but I think like pinging back I think
optic was pretty cool you know as far as
like joining a team okay yeah no
specific like I was a big team fan but
it's you know coming from like I was
front row of worlds it's just a fan I
wasn't even working for an or get the
time and I see season through I see
piglet win season 3 and then you just
like have those moments where you're
like sitting in the back of an uber
driving home after a match with him it's
just like you know people I used to
watch on Twitch are now just people I
work with that's probably the biggest
part of it I mean I'm still on the
opposite end where I left a team and I'm
still a fan and then when I left liquid
the seal or the the csgo guys are like
something like greatest ran a huge fan
of Team Liquid csgo
and so I'll like legacy like it loved it
when it came out and I'll follow them
watching them play I am recently was
amazing I'm still thrilling so I'm a big
fan of them and it sucks that you know I
don't get to create that story but
they're in really good hands gabe do you
want to talk about the first time if you
want to talk about how's the first time
you ever interacted with me oh yeah so
that's what I mean I'm not I was
obviously a fan of just you know early
League of Legends season 2 season 3 and
gosh I think Oh season 3 so obviously
Travis Gabbard had the best and the most
content out when we was starting out
and so I mean when League was starting
out okay he had his had a resurgence
he's back boy what pictures gaffer fan
and this is a gosh this has to be season
three so season three world some
semi-finals and I bring a girl as we all
do to semifinals name was Jess and she
kind of likes League
she was just more of a friend you know
she was a nice he was a nice person I'd
like to spend time with and I'm just
like introducing her to this whole world
that I really enjoyed and I'm sitting
there and Travis cafard walks by right
with this other guy and so he walks by
with which I learned now is his father
so I think it was like the only event
you've taken your father to yeah so so
he's with his father and I'm with I
whisper to this girl I'm like hey that's
Travis cafard and she just out loud the
screams who's Travis gaffers and heaven
is a dad just turn and look at me
and I just like that's kind of kind of a
tangent Rob did you get your question
answered ooh you feel I don't think I
don't think that they really had the
experiences that like would warrant a
real answer
right yeah I have like I have kind of
not specifically like being a fan of a
team and then joining but I maybe this
is kind of in the same vein when I
started eSports my goal was to tell the
story of a team that won the
International and this last year I
finally got to do that and that was just
like insane to me like I remember
sitting there in the crowd just thinking
you know with like Logan and Ian just
being like holy shit we're gonna win
like we're actually gonna win ti the
biggest prize we'll ever in eSports
history I'm sitting here touching this
lens what the fuck I'm like watching our
LCS team on my Alienware laptop sitting
in front of me just like hoping that we
don't get relegated and like
existentially being connected to Gabriel
and tres
California and just like that was a
super surreal moment so maybe kind of
similar not entirely similar but it was
like a moment that I definitely wanted
to be a part of and film and display and
I got to do that and that was just like
crazy like at that moment when we won I
was like I could die and then I was like
wait I need to edit the video first we
need to produce and export it upload it
premiere it and then I could die wait so
I have a question Damon where did you
follow them for like their post win
ceremony thing oh it was very very
velvet off okay well that's probably for
the best but I was just wondering if
you're a part of that like awkward
30-minute like oh that was an pain that
was when I shoot rights protection so
much more than valves well yeah I was
just like I didn't know if you captured
that stuff as well like the awkward like
moment where they come down off like the
high and then the lady's like what do
you want to do with your life and he's
like that she won he's like I don't know
I feel empty yeah I mean that that was
as odd as that as it sounds I felt the
exact same way I was just like I don't
like there's nothing else to do like
we've we've done it already the goals
have been met
goodnight on this fucking show demons
the only person well I guess Gabe was
technically with them at the time but
demons the only one on this to like see
players win like a major international
yeah for I mean I mean I'm sorry Team
Liquid won two championships last year
the promotion tournament Oh to promotion
Avery was there for both of them yeah
that's true that's true
you don't know but I guess more specific
to the to the question I was a CLG you
fan I mentioned earlier big fan of you
know wicked yellow P and those guys and
so when eg picked them up
actually they became they didn't become
winter fox but I was during that
transition period that I got to be at
the house that I got to see them so it's
just it's nice and it's fun and
oh my god she's gay guys were like
awesome and they were like you're heroes
but they're ultimately just normal
people
yeah by the way Navi 1995 in the chat
earlier asked Gabe what happened with
the girl oh gosh I don't even remember
maybe she just wasn't a big fan of
League yeah the play exactly
maybe if Travis got maybe she knew who
Travis worked out thank you so much
Robin for calling in no problem man I'm
glad I got to catch a show because it's
usually so late here on the East Coast
but the high Spring Break yeah yeah
thanks I thank you all right looks like
we got a one more caller here in just a
second though a superhero I also want to
give a shout out to easy modo vaca
Tensai genuine Joe Hobbs key and then
real foxy gifted a sub to Gabe
so congratulations Gabe thank you for
that I appreciate real foxy hooking
everybody up hitting everybody up we got
dr. Manhattan returning the show he's
been here previously he's a twitch sub
how's it going dr. Manhattan where you
come from
I'm doing well I'm calling from the
distant distant planet that is our
nation's capital in Washington DC
our second Washington DC caller nice
calling in to the show today after risen
Lazarus hopefully your performance on
the show is better than his what did you
want to talk about um anyone asked the
producers just something like the highs
and lows like I don't get to see
specific who's not here to just you know
dig drama and just find anything like
that obviously like that's that what I'm
trying to do but you know it was like
any specific tag where it was just like
as producers or like ask camera guys
that you guys see it's just like
shit like that give it even though
you're by the camera because I mean I
think maximal points that like you know
these guys I consider like like some of
the guys I consider like really close
friends and it's like at one point he
even like behind the camera or like
maybe that we don't see that's just like
it becomes much realer for you guys just
talked about that a little bit with this
ti experience but yeah max I mean TSM
has had a lot of highs and really low
lows maybe more than any other team in
the LCS like what well the NA LCS at
least what what has the whole experience
been like for you the room and
atmosphere in at every at every worlds
I've been to I guess all three after we
had knocked out is one of the worst
times to film ever I like literally want
to just want to put the camera down and
not keep filming the guys it just feels
like wrong to just film these guys in
such a vulnerable and emotional state
like it just feels super weird but I
know it has to be done and sometimes
those rooms are cramped so I'm like kind
of in their face it's really really
weird and I hate it it's like the worst
part of the job so those moments are
like especially 2016 getting knocked out
of that one was pretty dark just really
really grim atmosphere so yeah and then
also losing it at MSG that's like the
first time I ever saw like some of the
guys cry so that was pretty dark and
then losing in Las Vegas for CLG was
also pretty sucky so yeah those those
five moments I guess were the worst do
you how much of that translates because
it's an interesting situation the same
way that Damien talked about feeling
like a lot of empathy for the players
that were on stage at that ti when they
win and sort of sharing that moment with
them was it like for you do you do you
feel like you share a connection with
the players like you is it is it almost
hard to shoot in the really big moments
cuz you want to celebrate with them and
you know is it hard to shoot because
I've been I remember I've been on the
floor with you as I'm taking a picture
of the players lifting a trophy and
you're filming them lifting the trophy
you know what's that that experience
like for you yeah dude I just want to
like jump up and down when we
or when we win like LCS like every time
and I just want to like go up on stage
and give him all hugs cuz I was there
like I was filming them you know talking
about strategy talking about picking
bands it's like oh nice it's picking
that went well like I know a bit about
the game just from like being there and
listening and so when I know as
something goes going well I'm like just
like wanna stop filming and go give
these guys hugs but uh yeah
like it is pretty tough like you know
not to get involved like even when
something good is happening like was
like a joke going around and you want to
join in on the conversation it's like I
want to say something I've something to
say but I can't because I want to keep
filming yeah thanks max is really good
at not saying anything well Gabriel only
up I am awful I'm terrible at it
it's I laugh at everything that's said
and I'm working on it it's really hard
it's really hard when max to you because
actually you you slip there at first I
guess - do you want to jump on whatever
we lose and twitch chat twitch to call
you out for but there there's got to be
moments where it is your you must be
like wow this is gonna be such good
content like this might be the best
episode like I was gonna ask like I
remember with rebirth
Damien like one of your favorite
episodes and I gave and I were talking
about this the other day we still agree
it's like one of the best episodes ever
was the episode at Madison Square Garden
when Team Liquid is watching TSM lose to
CLG and knowing that they like they
can't control their fate at all and they
are now like they're their dreams are
going away because they expected TSM to
beat CLG and you know it must be like a
terrible moment for you but also like
that terrible moment spawn may be like
one of the best pieces of content you've
ever made
what is that dynamic like because it's
got to be kind of weird and either when
you can answer no go for Damon okay
it's definitely we like
there are some times when there's a loss
and you're like well this is a very
interesting narrative because you know
ex-player from the team last year just
beat our team this year you know and
like twitch chat spam X was a problem
sort of bullshit and you're like well I
mean this is interesting because he's
surely grown like Laurel oh and Matt
beating us right it's like well this is
pretty shitty for our team but it's
great for the narrative like it's very
interesting that those players are doing
very well and it's it's a double-edged
right because right now I feel bad
because the team lost to them but at the
same time it was also a really joyful
moment because it's like Oh Matt and
Laura Lowe have won and this is like
incredible and so I was like on the edge
not knowing how to feel exact same story
what can I say yeah these last two
Culkin Guardians do so good job man
Laurel oh but why'd it have to be yes
yeah a moment I think I blood is like I
think it was rebirth or squad can't
member but they're just like oh I guess
it was rebirth like when loco just
smashes his keyboard I'm like yeah and
then like sure like that los meses
sucked but if I was holding camera I'd
be like do this sucks but like this is
gonna be some amazing content like it's
gonna be a great scene so yeah that
happens a lot and uh kind of like a
guilty feeling there sometimes but uh
you know ultimately were there not to
like be a fan but to make a video
there's there's actually special like
with the water bottle I didn't get it
yeah so say do you remember that one
though well yeah it kind of tangents on
like what I was gonna say it there are a
lot of times that stuff happens and I'm
like shit I wasn't rolling yeah I used
to beat myself up so much about that
like how did I miss that I said and
ultimately like if if you if the
audience doesn't know that something
happened it didn't happen and it doesn't
matter but I always feel so bad either
not capturing a really great emotional
moment or a really great joyous moment
where I'm like oh how did I not roll on
that joke or how was I not rolling in
that water bottle that it's special
through hit the ground and exploded on
feelings
oh that happened it exploded on feet oh
no that was just hypothetical okay
Andres remember if you didn't see it
didn't happen Travis yeah that's true
that's true
interesting finally sort of a since
we're on this topic what's it like in
the Edit because then you you film these
really high highs you film these really
low lows not only are you sitting there
thinking like oh I'm so happy and also
this is gonna be great content or I'm so
sad but this is gonna be great content
but then you have to make like just one
of the most emotional videos ever right
like max like you had to tell the story
for the past two years of a team that
like did everything they could
expectations were so high and then like
it just all comes crashing down at the
end and and Damian my medium liquid at
gave to Team Liquid has had a lot of
those situations like you know all-star
rosters end up going to promotion
tournament so you know whenever you guys
are in the Edit and I I know what you
know I have a glimpse at what it's like
you're going through and you're like
cutting things down so you see like a
shot of a player crying like 500 times
right because you're like oh the LUT
isn't working the way I need it to watch
the shot or whatever you know like what
what does that experience like because
at a certain point times you just become
desensitized to it like how does that
all work go ahead max yeah sorry not
desensitize still feel it every time the
worst at it by far for me was MSI 2017
16 the one in Brazil so I'm at empty
night yeah just because that whole
tournament
we were like struggling through the
plans and then we went through all the
all the group stages or all the group
stage and ended up losing in a
tiebreaker so I have to tell this entire
story show most of the matches which was
like 12 in total so yeah that was just
pretty grim to go through over and over
again and yeah like that was one of the
most emotional of times I've seen a guys
especially spent I've never seen them
like that like before so just so
dejected after the loss and uh yeah it
just like happened
watch those Clips over and over again
but uh we went there for reason and uh
yeah yeah yeah I uh maybe not so much a
loss I mean I had a Team Liquid loss and
they lost it was the csgo team so not so
much that this audience would relate to
but saying goodbye to players has always
been hard and having that in edits is a
little tough so like when we said I
think my hardest one was probably lower
low and matte but with the lore low one
you can tell that he was like brick you
know his voice was like cracking up a
little bit he was a and so being
emotional so cutting those you want to
send them off on a positive note and you
want to really like say thank you to
this person but like at the same time it
just like this is your friend you've
been filming them you've been like
growing with them for the past X amount
of years and it's just like you have to
say goodbye it just kind of sucks for me
the piglet goodbye video oh yeah just do
it Damian was the most emotional I've
seen Damian feel I like I couldn't watch
it back without getting like I'm getting
teary-eyed just thinking about it even
though I just saw him he's like wake up
for for a very long time in the back of
my head my thought was I was put on this
planet to tell the story of piglet and
maybe a little happen again someday
yeah you're wrong by the way you
appeared on the planet to tell the story
of doublelift with me and faith at the
double of documentary yeah I mean I I
have told a lot of stories about
doublelift also so yeah too many
actually oh he's on our team he's saving
the day all right now he's gone all
right now he's back yeah
I am so villain now he's a hero oh I
actually love telling the doctor to be
up Oh Gabriel definitely so so much fun
I I will that kid is great he's a really
good kid if only those two were on the
team at the same time imagine doublelift
f dar doc locodoco
can I get any more interesting Gators
Upland want them on on echo fox winning
like dar doc or would you want breaking
point our doc Oh when the echo fives
winning dart okay that kid gets a bad
rap and I don't know if I should like
feel slightly responsible or not and I
kind of have um I mean brick boy was a
whole thing I I went into it only seeing
the footage I didn't film any of it and
I that's bleep that's a year I stepped
away from leak to do csgo content so I
came in like blind and then so and then
like it comes out and then I see how the
community reacts and like oh no like I
saw this differently and so like my
whole like task from there on I was like
being directs a really good kid I want
to like really show that what I see in
him and so his goodbye video ID was able
to do his like welcome back video I was
able to do and then we weren't gonna do
a goodbye video about him originally
because he came back about shorts time
liquid and was like a really not a big
thing
he was only for a couple weeks but I was
like you know if there's anything you
want to say I'd wait I think I'm tweeted
him and I was like if things you want to
say anything want to clear the air of
anything like I would gladly stay off
because we had to do the video by like
the next day I was like I'll gladly stay
up and make it and so I was able to tell
that story so I got to feel like my my
time in liquid was the dark story yeah
did kicked up thanks so much dr.
Manhattan for calling in hey appreciate
and I like the perspective from from
these guys just because I mean I've done
it before and I mean as a fan it's hard
enough so I can imagine being in the
room it's just yeah and thanks you
sparked I think one of the better
discussions on the show tonight so thank
you so much thank you yeah no problem I
appreciate the time yeah all right I
have one question if this is gonna spark
a too big of a discussion you guys need
to tell me no and this is my personal
question no one asked quite how I would
have liked but it feels like a lot of
the content that teams make is about
reaching out to fans of LCS that already
exists or their own fans that already
exists and trying to acquire fans within
an existing pool which is kind of
speaking to what people were talking
about the overlap of how much can people
really watch versus creating content
that is more accessible even beyond the
scope of League of Legends and like your
team's brand necessarily and it feels
like there's a pretty big lack of that
content CLG has tried it with like the
pro-players kind of react to series and
stuff like that but do you feel like
this is something that people should be
investing more time into like
prioritizing the YouTube algorithm and
how that thing likes to work and some of
those or is that just like too off-brand
generally to go out after the bigger
market I feel and maybe Maxim Gabriel
both feel this that's not something that
I want to watch at all like I'm never
gonna keep one of those videos and
beautiful I can't wait to see what
darshan says about Gragas stop like I
just don't care I want to see like how
he felt about the winner the loss of
previous week right like I want to see
how TSM is handling where they're at
right now like you know is hunter with
this shirt off is he not with this shirt
off I don't care about his top lane meta
or you know what I don't know what a
random other stuff but for me like as
like dumb as it sounds like I'm a
documentary filmmaker and the like these
shows as much as people like to be like
oh my god they link scripted drama it's
like no they're not they're you know
documentary films just way different
because we're in a weird ecosystem that
doesn't sort of it is expected for
content to come out quickly so you can't
sit there and massage a story and make
it feel like a real big Netflix
documentary because you don't have the
time in the resources and so they kind
of feel maybe like a really high
production quality vlog in some cases in
other cases I think max has come up with
making a way for them to always feel
really nice and polished all the time
but I don't know for me like I would
never watch any of that content so I
don't even know where to begin right
like I couldn't write the blame game if
someone gave me a million dollars like I
couldn't do it that's just like not my
thing nor could I like think of a really
interesting way to get doublelift to
explain like wording in
seven-point-eight yeah you're talking
more about like you eSports and fans who
aren't a fan of League to come and watch
all that content it's obviously very
tough if there's that what your question
is more along the lines of mark it's
it's almost like you know you can have
your document film film
vlog videos but that's really only
appealing to fans that know the LCS and
know either your team already versus
potentially the greater League of
Legends ecosystem and even the greater
YouTube ecosystem like you're never
gonna get click ins probably with with
that kind of content so it was like I
was wondering if this is something that
you guys want to do Damian clearly know
if it's some of you guys care about I
don't know what you guys think about
that in general it's pretty tough
because ultimately the backbone of all
our series is kind of the league and
that week-to-week is like the structure
that we base along the episodes around
but um we luckily hundred things a
little bit different because we got a
lot of nature fans who are a lot of
quality fans coming and watching this
content saying I'm not even like a
leaked fan but I love watching this
series so the the least we can do is
make a make a show that's not solely
about the game and that's about like
player personalities and their Drive and
their you know struggles and their
emotions something that you can relate
to on a level that transcends a game as
long as you know like they're competing
you know that's the only thing you
really need to know so that what we can
do as like I guess I assumed as
documentary filmmakers is just kind of
at least for this specific show to get
people to watch it is you know make it
interesting - and a point where you
really don't need to know the game to
not grasp of the whole thing but at
least feel what the players are feeling
if you guys ever feel a little stuck
like you you have to like as in legal
legends built up this idea the eSports
scene that like every all these teams
have to have these shows that come out
every week and now you guys have to
deliver this like breaking point maybe
being the exception and I know there's
been times where like you guys have done
like bi-weekly or it's shifted around
but like ultimately you have to deliver
this product is it is it ever annoying
or aggravating or do you feel like it
just is like now you're trapped in this
world where there's always this
expectation that you're gonna get this
weekly thing out and it's like I'm sure
sometimes hey I feel this way with LCS
interviews for instance like sometimes I
go to LCS and I'm like there's like not
interesting story it's like week six and
there's no patch and the games played
out like everyone expected and now I
just have to like release these
interviews even though they're just kind
of it's a boring week and people that
watch these interviews are probably
going to think wow that's kind of boring
do you guys feel like it's just annoying
that you're stuck kind of in the cycle
and that there's this expectation that
ecosystem kind of demands it yeah when
I'm at LCS sometimes I've talked to
contra creators from other teams and
then they're like yeah dude we're gonna
start our own 20-minute show weekly and
I'm like no dude don't do it like it's I
don't know oversaturate is like the
right word but everyone's doing it and
you're gonna struggle to get views and
like Mark pointed out earlier like you
know it's kind of hard to bring in new
fans especially for the newer teams and
especially for us like at at the top of
the show we mentioned that someone
mentioned that views for these
documentary shows or like going down not
like from the beginning of the split but
like also from like the beginning like
since 2015 when teams started doing them
on their own like these are like half
and so I hate talking about like the
YouTube algorithm and like if you have
to use this type of thumbnail that has
these colors or it has to have this type
of title with you know exclamation marks
I hate that type of stuff but that's
just it's a part of it unfortunately and
that's a big reason why I stopped doing
legends because I need we need to or at
least for TSM we want to like bring in
the younger fans so we're gonna try to
see what's like appealing to them on
YouTube even if it's like I joined to do
the documentary but uh you know we want
some more fans so yeah it's just a part
of it and it sucks but yeah yeah last
year's squad was like really tiring
where it was like all right here's
another week an episode but it'll be
Blake don't worry we'll get him next
time
okay cool that there is a good art there
because people look extra sad and we
almost got him and then the next week
it's like another week of don't worry
we'll get him next times and that's why
I like squad last year kind of just I
mean we had a bunch of
stuff going on as one up so we kind of
had to set the series aside sometimes
ultimately like one up isn't just about
the theme shows last year especially was
focused a lot and other work or other
teams like we did a lot of stuff with
hungrybox we started space go content we
did the bit of thing in Sestak well I've
kind of went aside a little bit but yes
sometimes it does give a little like
okay what are we gonna do this week
that's why I like last week's squad for
me was super refreshing it wasn't just
like what happened that week it was like
talking about the story I signed the
roster and like getting the players in
the Immortals Jersey and filming hero
shots and you know like that kind of
stuff felt like really nice and a
refresh refreshing taste so to speak and
like I appreciate a lot of the stuff in
Kiev real does well hook he'll do like
insert shots you see the hella Buddha
because he has all the tail gear but
doing tl shots and of course it's in the
rain who knows what that's gonna be
yeah I mean when the TL jersey turned
into Cody Sun amitiel Jersey told me
that wasn't clean well it's a it's it's
tough in the sense that you know I'm
sure we all want to do more and you
always have a week to do it and it's not
even a week to do it it's like five days
cuz you still have to you know get it
out like two days or a day before the
LCS it's the turnaround time that's a
that's the most like constricting
feeling it's like you know you want to
do these cool things you watch all these
cool movies I know like Damon I were
talking about we want to do like a Edgar
Wright style like it like okay well
there's no time to there's so much that
we want to do they you just don't really
have time to innovate your show
so I mean small things helped I'd never
feel like trapped I mean I'm only on
step 7 you know so I'm not I'm not the
content King God that's why 86 episodes
so that max is done like 86 weekly
episodes sure he took a break for like
breaks but 80 G's
yeah exactly offseason with your break
so it's ultimately just yeah it's a it's
though the weeks restraint is the
hardest part
oh yeah say more than anything yeah
that's just these sports like the short
turnaround times but also I'm pretty
sure you guys have both felt like yours
are building this narrative like all the
team's doing well this is too old hell
yeah we're building this narrative our
team is like beasts now then next week
Oh - like fuck dude exactly you're like
building with full Ark and that was just
ruined do I make it super sad like ya
know like we were just - oh yeah I know
it'sit's a bit tough yeah vishay cool
mark you have anything else here no I
think it just sounds like you know it's
a personal thing for some people yeah
sorry they were not offline t no that's
not sorry that we're not talking about
what well cutting in and out day bein I
guess having a wrong opinion discourse
just like shut up we're gonna say I said
sorry they were not all offline TV
talking wide more gap oh is he cutting
he's intentionally cutting himself in
and out no I'm not sick it sounds like
you're essentially I'm sorry about
offline TV and and then it keeps cutting
right yeah talking about what talking
about morgana what talking about why
certain champions are hot okay yeah I do
love not saying that's what you have to
do I default to that so much I make me
to where I'm like I'm more used to
probably all our shows add it up right
now well no but I mean like we did an
improv shoot and like talking about like
the the YouTube algorithm like we used a
pretty fucking clickbait II title and
like thumbnail and you like I know you
get a lot more views but your viewer
attentions down a lot you feel kind of
shitty about it your comments are
different because you've had different
expectations like I understand like I'm
not I don't like doing the click bass
shit either but that's a different
project scars made the right decision he
stopped doing interviews and started
doing videos about which legalizes
character he would fuck and I
video what about heart didn't do a
hearthstone one too okay so you said
League of Legends I know just say where
the fuck you
where the fuck of the Mafia videos for
the people like that's not click baby
why don't you guys Mart it's a holistic
mark we only because we're jealous is
abuse oh yeah that's it and I'm just
saying you guys have Saturday and Sunday
nights I don't know if everyone wants to
do it nothing you have to do it I just
wanted that something you guys had
wanted to do Damian's clearly you know
that's fine
it's a no until we do it okay tonight
can I ask everyone even like Mark and
Travis like if you guys have any I
always like asking this question like
any inspirations or influences like for
mark I guess sports broadcasters or
Travis journalists or broadcasters and
uh Gabe and Damian like directors or
cinematographers like you guys yeah
brunoise Asus earlier than I cut him off
but this is good okay yeah Gabe or
Damian you want to start no I want to
hear mark first I need to think you know
I want to hear Travis first you want to
hear me yeah I want to get boring second
wait no for me so when I was at GameSpot
there was a guy named Danny O'Dwyer who
now left to go work and he created
patreon and now does that runs a thing
called noclip he is out of all the
people that have worked with like just I
respect his work more than anybody you
know just he was a big inspiration for
me and something I really looked up to
and like I still think I'm not anywhere
near the level that guy but he's just a
god and so on that front like I just
really like the content that he creates
and sort of he did a show called the
point which he started to revive and I
just wish hope some day that I can be as
well-spoken and thoughtful is sort of
the way he can take on all these
different things for more more recently
I have been excited because I have
discovered what everybody else in the
world has already known about for
time which is people like Casey Neistat
Peter McKinnon and it's kind of like the
perfect time for me to find these guys
on YouTube because like I already sought
for a long time that youtubers were
basically like people similar to this
but just like tons of jump cuts in front
of a webcam like hey guys it's me again
for another episode of you know this
makeup tutorial and whatever net instead
I started to find all these people that
are able to create like really awesome
little stories narratives thoughts like
rants about stuff makes like very
disparate elements of their life
together and do the stuff in for me
right now at a point in time where I'm
not at Kim's spot I'm not at Yahoo and
I'm sort of trying to establish myself
like that the channels literally called
Travis cafard it's really interesting so
like to that end I did a vlog earlier
this this week sort of talking about my
life and it's more personal than
anything I've done I think to date and
and just looking at that stuff and
especially partnering with Broden who I
think we all agree is like a really
really good creator I think it's sort of
exploring all this stuff so that's kind
of like it's fun for you to ask me that
question right now max because I am just
that I feel I was telling a friend last
night like I am so excited about my
channel and the content that I'm making
it is the the last time I can remember
feeling this way and feeling so creative
was like when I first started making
state of the league like I the very
first episode of State League I put it
out there and write it was kind of like
oh this is okay but like there's
potential here but like it needs to be
better I didn't want to wait another
week to make the next episode of State
League I wanted to do it right then
because like so excited about it so I'm
just really excited those are all the
people I'm kind of pulling passionate
inspiration from nice I originally got
into content because they used to watch
this podcast called diggin and I really
really really do a show similar to this
like about tech stuff that's kind of
like how I got started in contact
creation as a whole so that was step one
then step two was free to play where I
was like oh shit
this
esports documentary stuff is insane I
would love to do this and then step 3
obviously was being in the glorious
graces of Travis and working with him on
a couple events and just realizing like
how you could get so much respect for
literally doing nothing I mean like kind
of throwing back to what I was talking
about a way way in the beginning like a
lot of the stuff that max did in TSM
legends when I was doing to rebirth
inspired me to do more and like like
Lewis who has been working with us at
1up studios like his cinematography that
he did with like misfits and g2 was just
like oh I'm shit again like I would
watch his stuff and I'd be like well I'm
shit like I thought I was like at least
like top three it looks like I'm shit
again even with vital like I would watch
his c9 videos and I was just like I'm
shit again like how is this is like I
know what lenses he use is like when I
use those lenses I just look like I'm
like shaking the entire time like I
don't understand and like watching like
Ian edit or like watching the stuff that
he cuts down in like the time that he
does and like how much energy it has in
it and then looking at my own edit that
I've been sitting there for like a day
and a half and being like holy shit I
didn't even have like you roll over this
what yeah like what the what's going on
with me I think I'm inspired about a lot
of the people in the scene Gabriel
definitely and I've been preaching this
I think he has the most interesting show
right now in terms of like what he's
viewing and how he's doing it and so
yeah a lot of inspiration from I think
people on the scene and then also I I
don't I feel like I don't watch that
much stuff like the only things that I
watch that are not eSports content is
like every Marvel movie every Star Wars
movie and that's like pretty much like
midnight showings and that's a yeah Gabe
yeah obviously it's that if there's a
lot of internal I wouldn't say
competition it would just we all kind of
like I'm sure watch each other's shows
an hour
are trying to see like what we can do
better what they're bringing to the
table I know back when I was on liquid
we'd like watched Max's show he's crazy
miss out weekly I'll shoot his shots are
so clean like you know it's like it's
just all these different things and so
now that we're all on three different
you know teams I'm I'm sure like yours
are the two i watch you know and i watch
I didn't recall - sometimes I'm cloud
nine but I just keeping up to date with
everyone in the scene and how much we're
all trying is really motivating you know
we're all in the same boat we all have
the same week we all live the same LCS
so it's really nice to see what a each
person can bring to the table but
outside of content like what got me in
it was just kind of like cliche TV shows
that always were like super emotional at
the ends called Chuck love Chuck I knew
it Chuck was amazing I quite got it got
dropped Chuck NBC TV shows um recently
it's a show called this is us it's just
very very emotional
and the way that they do in the way
they're able to bring that emotion
through someone and so that's like
always my goal so weird you hear that
gives inspiration or just like you know
the mass-market like laugh track emotion
emotion like like it this is us the way
they all tie it together sure it's like
over the top but it's just very smart
and it's obviously able to pull a lot of
emotion out of people and that's always
been my goal I've always wanted to make
people feel you know feelings that are
like not surface feelings I I'm actually
oh yeah absolutely
I'm actually like a hundred percent the
same way like I don't think I have
anyone I look at in particular cuz I I
don't consider myself like I need to be
like Charles Barkley I'm a sports
broadcaster this is what I do even
though that is my main job with riot
like I've always just wanted to make
people feel the way I feel when I enjoy
what they're doing whether it's like
music games or movies or like the three
big forms of media I consume so like
some songs just like make me have a
different perspective about the world
same with like some movies and some
games like Dark Souls blew my mind the
first time I played it like I want to
make a game like
someday and so like I just want to make
things that had that impact on other
people the way that other stuff impacted
me the only person that I shout out and
I the only person I ever subscribed to
on patreon only motherfucker who are
like I am stunned at is this guy called
Matthew mitosis and he's a videogames
reviewer and he is just like the
smartest motherfucker I've ever seen
talk about videogames it is so
unbelievable how like in depth he goes
watch him for the love of God he's not
big enough he's like he's like monkish
in his approach of like not wanting to
be influenced by outside like thinking
it's like up to a fault where he like
covers games that no one cares about but
I love that guy max closes OH
Damian what I I totally remember someone
that really inspires me and I I have to
I have to say it cuz I would be lying
myself if I didn't like listening to
Thorens interviews and his interview
style like when he talks to people just
like completely changed like my
perspective like I worked on this HTC c9
slash like Thorin thing and like I I the
same feeling like I listen to him
interview those players and I was just
like oh my god my interview style I just
feel like a dog barking at people bark
bark they got some dogs we got some dogs
you know and so I he'd shout out to
Thorin they think Thorin his made me
think a lot differently about how to how
to present some stories and storylines
and players max closes that with your
thoughts who do you like for me I do
like specific people like David Fincher
I love the social network oh yeah
I don't think I don't think Fight Club
is the best movie ever like most people
think it is but I love how it looks
visually I forget the name of
cinematographer that it usually works
with but uh yeah
live David Fincher and you guys probably
won't know him his name is hideo kojima
he's like a game designer
oh yeah really we probably won't ever
cool
yes storytelling is pretty cool so I I
look up like cutscenes in his games
which is like kind of weird but yeah he
inspired me a lot and then X yeah you
should watch Matthew mitosis breakdowns
of his games I really like Metal Gear
yeah yeah he goes through the Metal Gear
franchise it's less it's probably less
artistic of a breakdown or more about
game design stuff but it's really cool
you might appreciate that's a gotcha
okay everyone's calling me on that for
saying you guys wouldn't I don't know
whatever he's a very I think he's one of
the biggest names for game creators
right yeah yeah and then music wise I
don't know like Radiohead like inspires
me a lot somehow like I use something
sometimes I put Radiohead tracks on the
timeline and Premiere Pro like many
software's and edit to those I don't
know if that makes sense to any of you
guys but I usually like inspires you
know sequences and creating bad then
when you rip it out and you're like well
here's some music from a subscription
service we pay $14.99 yeah yeah there
was a max you know that one song that
Radiohead did for the double-oh-seven
movie that didn't get use oh yeah
Spectre so there was like this shot of
like David Lamm like walking backs or
sitting and watching TSM flavorsome
mortals and like look a walking
backstage and I had this like tracking
shot and like I put it on the timeline
to that song and like it was like this
sick scene or at least at the time I
thought it was like this super-sick
scene and I was like well I can never
use this for anything so I just tweeted
it out yeah for sure like one day I
would love to go recut like I want to
recut breaking point one day one day I
know you want don't you want to make it
more like a festival film that's like
all encompassing yep that explains the
eSports is and blah blah blah exit and
amazing if Dark One's Blade you know I
was just gonna ask the creatives like if
they had
any aspirations to like work on like a
feature film or something or is this
like it for you like for me personally
like I have no interest like zero
interest in ever directing or Deeping
like a feature film so that that's
exactly what I thought until like this
last month or two where I was just like
oh my god
I know how I know how I can direct a
Marvel movie it would to be a Marvel
movie shot from the perspective of like
younger kids so like the the concept
would be like them sure the the concept
would be like them filming a documentary
about themselves with like cut to
interviews and it's like oh I've done
that forever
like that's something that I don't know
Gabe really quickly answer and then I
think we have to wrap his mark your
percentile of eSports I love the content
in eSports I just really want to grow a
grow a brand growing org like what you
know Damien has a huge impact on liquid
you've had a huge impact on TSM just
wanna have that huge impact on hundreds
nice max really quickly you yes all
right final round shoutouts Gabe what
what do you want to plug a teases when's
high scumming out what's going about
what can I say it comes out Friday
it always does always comes out Friday
any teasers um it's very routine episode
and yeah I thank you for so much love on
the last episode of it meant a lot that
you know everyone that when you guys all
saw the Thresher cart and I got a lot of
comments on it about it sinking even you
Damien like I appreciate it just a lot
of work goes into them and it's nice
when they're recognized and Max anything
you want to show any plugs yeah look out
for the first episode of tesam legends
that is not made by me edited by me or
directed by me coming this Friday made
by Andrew white he's the director now so
looking forward to that I'm not watching
like as he's editing so I'm
gonna be watching alongside everyone
else so I'm excited to see that nice
Damien I have somber news but great news
at the same time so this week there
isn't going to be a yeah there's there's
no squad this week oh it doesn't squad
is non-existent this week we are opening
the office officially and so there's
gonna be like a ton of like Dell
executives and really important smarter
people than myself coming by the office
and so we're shooting a lot of that
because I think there's gonna be some
really cool stuff there and the players
are really seeing specifically like the
csgo team are really seeing the office
in its final form which it like even
from like two weeks ago like Ian came
back today and he was just like oh my
god this place looks totally different
so we're spending a lot of time focusing
up on that like making sure we got like
a ton of graphics cards so we like you
know beefed up our computers and we're
spending a ton of time just like getting
all of our ducks in a row so to speak
and so the show is on hold and so you're
gonna get a two week episode when it
comes back work I just wanna say thank
you to the chainsmokers for everything
we did from rest in peace Kelby thanks
everyone for watching the show really
appreciate we put out an audio version
of this show which is on iTunes and
Google Play people message me all the
time and say have you ever thought about
releasing it in podcast form yes
actually I have and we do and you could
just find out by googling it or liking
on iTunes or Google Play so if you guys
want the podcast version you can do that
there thanks so much to Mac's Gabriel
Damian for this and for sharing so much
other interesting stuff with us their
their thoughts on everything and please
check out my youtube channel I've got a
different video going up this week one
that is a little bit more scripted and
different than anything I've done before
and I Britian should be finalizing it
right now so hopefully it comes out
tomorrow Wednesday but thanks everyone
this has been a hot line leak